math\xe9matiques, physiques et naturelles. 2 vols
[1872]. Truths for the times
Hedgehog eccentricities
Darwin's illness
Recherches sur les poissons fossiles. 5 vols. & atlas of 5 vols
On the erratic blocks of the Jura
Etudes sur les glaciers
Lake Superior: its physical character, vegetation, and animals, compared with those of other and similar regions
Descripci\xf3n historial de la provincia y archipi\xe9lago de Chiloe\xb4 en el reyno de Chile y obispado de la Concepci\xf3n
The wider world
Darwin and his flowers. The key to natural Selection
On the granitic formation, and direction of the Primary mountain chains, of Southern India
Darwinism and the linguistic image: Langauge, race, and natural theology in the nineteenth century. Baltimore and
Orchid cultivation, cross-breeding, and hybridising. Journal of Horticulture and Cottage Gardener n.s
Account of the earthquake at Chili in November 1822
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1834. Published by order of The Lords Commisioners of the Admiralty
Extract from a Private Letter addressed to Captain Sabine, R.A. F.R.S., by Mr. David Douglas, F.L.S. Dated Woahoo (Sandwich Islands) 3d of May, 1834
[Review of] A Collection of Memoirs and Documents Relative to the History, Ancient and Modern, of the Provinces of the Rio de la Plata.\x97 by Pedro de Angelis
On falls of dust on vessels traversing the Atlantic
[Various methods of weed propagation.] Gardeners'
Carpenter on mental acquisitions and inheritance
Perception of instinct in lower animals
Review of The life and letters of Charles Darwin
Review of The life and letters of Charles
The Cuvier-Geoffroy debate: French biology in the decades before Darwin
Survey of Some of the Canary Islands, and of Part of the Western Coast of Africa, in 1835
Charles Darwin in Western Australia: a young scientist's perception of an environment. Nedlands
Three weeks at the Cape of Good Hope 1836: Charles Darwin's African Interlude
Under the Blue Vault of Heaven: A study of Charles Darwin's Sojourn in the Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Darwin\x92s desolate islands: a naturalist in the Falklands, 1833 and 1834
Antlions: A link between Charles Darwin and an early Suffolk naturalist
Darwin's other islands. London and
A new general atlas, constructed from the latest authorities. London and
On the brown Trout introduced into Otago. [Read before the Otago Institute
Ornithological biography: Or an account of the habits of the birds of the United States of America
On the origin of the limestones of Devonshire. [Read 25 April]
Alfred Cloyne. 1842. On the geology of the south-east of Devonshire
On the migration of birds of North America
Of studies In The essaies of sr. Francis Bacon. Newly enlarged
Gasparo Balbi's voyage to Pegu, and observations there gathered from his own Italian Relation [1579]
The collected papers of Charles Darwin. 2 vols. Chicago and London: Chicago University Press. With a foreword by Theodosius Dobzhansky.\r\n
Charles Darwin's notebooks, 1836-1844: Geology, transmutation of species, metaphysical enquiries
de 1877. Vergleichende Anatomie der Vegetationsorgane der Phanerogamen und Farne
Ueber die Function der Epidermis in den Schlauchen von Sarracenia und Darlingtonia
Contributions to an insect fauna of the Amazon valley. Lepidoptera: Heliconid\xe6
The naturalist on the River Amazons. A record of adventures, habits of animals, sketches of Brazilian and Indian life, and aspects of nature under the equator, during eleven years of travel. 2 vols
Crossing flowers
The Cottage Gardener and Country
Cross-breeding plants
Phenomena in the cross-breeding of plants
Palace flower and fruit show \x96
Influence of pollen on the appearance of seed
Tracts relative to the Island of St Helena: written during a residence of five years
Gemeinn\xfctzige Naturgeschichte Deutschlands nach allen drey Reichen. Ein Handbuch zur deutlichern und vollst\xe4ndigern Selbstbelehrung besonders f\xfcr Forstm\xe4nner, Jugendlehrer und Oekonomen. 4 vols
Narrative of a voyage to the Pacific and Beering's Strait, to co-operate with the polar expeditions performed in His Majesty's ship Blossom
Narrative of a voyage to the Pacific and Beering's Strait, to co-operate with the polar expeditions performed
Essays on the anatomy and philosophy of expression
The naturalist in Nicaragua: A narrative of a residence at the gold mines of Chontales; journeys in the savannahs and forests; with observations on animals and plants in reference to the theory of evolution of living forms
On the fertilisation of winter-flowering plants
Note on the styles of Australian Goodenovieae. Journal of the
Notes on the styles of Australian Proteaceae. Journal of the
Vertebrate palaeontology
Memoir on the geology of the Neelgherry and Koondah mountains
Vegetable pathology. Gardeners'
Vegetable pathology
Voyage mineralogique et geologique, en Hongrie, pendant l'anne 1818. 4 vols
On the natural history of volcanos and earthquakes
An original mode of fathering fruit
Description of the Insulated masses of Silver found
Chamois hunting in the mountains of Bavaria and in the Tyrol. With illustrations by Theodore Horschelt
Forest creatures
Transylvania: its products and its people. With maps and numerous illustrations after photographs
1882. [Review of] An old chapter of the geological record with a new interpretation, or rock metamorphism (especially the methylosed kind), and its resultant imitations of organisms: with an introduction, giving an annotated history of the controversy on the so-called Eozoon canadense\x85 by King and Rowney
[Formations secondaires autour du monde.]
A voyage round the world : performed by order of His Most Christian Majesty, in the years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 by Lewis de Bougainville, colonel of foot, and commodore of the expedition, in the frigate La Boudeuse, and the store-ship L'Etoile; translated from the French by John Reinhold Forster
Sur les tremblemens de terre des Andes. Bulletin de
Journal of a voyage to Peru: a passage across the Cordillera of the Andes, in the winter of 1827, performed on foot in the snow; and a journey across the Pampas
An exposition of fallacies in the hypothesis of Mr
Charles Darwin: a man of enlarged curiosity
Rapport fait \xe0 l\x92Academie Royale des Sciences, sur les travaux de M
Additional observations on the mode of fecundation in Orchide\xe6
On the organs and mode of fecundation
Missionaries and the human mind: Charles Darwin and Robert FitzRoy
Charles Darwin: Voyaging
Charles Darwin: The power of place. Volume II of a biography
Hereditary transmission of an Epileptiform affection accidentally produced
Recherches sur les transformations des appendixes dans les Articul\xe9s. Annales des Sciences Naturelles
Travels through Norway and Lapland, during the years 1806, 1807, and 1808. Translated from the original German by John Black. With notes and illustrations, chiefly mineralogical, and some account of the author, by Robert Jameson ... Illustrated with maps and physical sections
Description physique des iles Canaries, suivie d'une indication des principaux volcans du globe
Notice on the geological structure of a part of the Island of Madagascar, founded on a collection transmitted to the Right Honourable the Earl Bathurst, by Governor Farquhar, in the year 1819; with observations on some specimens from the interior of New South Wales, collected during Mr. Oxley\x92s Expedition to the River Macquarie, in the year 1818, and transmitted also to Earl Bathurst
On the excavation of valleys by diluvial action, as illustrated by a succession of valleys which intersect the south coast of Dorset and Devon
On the formation of the valley of Kingsclere and other valleys by the elevation of the strata that enclose them; and on the evidences of the original continuity of the basins of London and Hampshire
Geology and mineralogy considered with reference to natural theology. 2 vols
On the glacia-diluvial ph\xe6nomena in Snowdonia and the adjacent parts of North Wales. [Read 15 December]
Conocimiento de los Tiempos. Ephemerides del a\xf1~o
Travels in the interior of Southern Africa. 2 vols
The physiology or mechanism of blushing
et al eds. 1985-. The correspondence of Charles Darwin. 18 vols
Beitr\xe4ge zur Naturgeschichte der Rankenf\xfcsser (Cirripedia)
Cabool: being a personal narrative of a journey to, and residence
Evolution, old and new; or, the theories of Buffon, Dr. Erasmus Darwin, and Lamarck, as compared with that of Mr
Voyage of H.M.S. Blonde to the Sandwich Islands, in the years 1824-25
Byron's narrative of the loss of the Wager : with an account of the great distresses suffered by himself and his companions on the coast of Patagonia from the year 1740 till their arrival in England 1746
Travels in South America, during the years 1819
Geology of the Island of Juan Fern\xe1ndez
An account of the great earthquake experienced in Chile on the 20th of February, 1835, with a map
Chart of the island of Ascension, with remarks on its geognosy
G\xe9ographie botanique
Vegetable organography; or an analytical description of the organs of plants. Translated by Boughton Kingdon. 2 vols
Some account of the Island of Tristan da Cunha and of its natural productions
On the mutual relations of the vital and physical forces
Introduction to the study of the Foraminifera
Revisiting Darwin's Voyage
Notes on an infant
The Beagle paintings of John Chancellor (1925-1984)
van Wyhe, with the assistance of Kees Rookmaaker. 2009. Charles Darwin's notebooks from the voyage of the Beagle. [With a preface by Richard Darwin Keynes]
The maritime paintings of John Chancellor
John Chancellor's classic maritime paintings. Foreword by Sir Patrick Bayly
1839. A notice of showers of ashes which fell on board the Roxburgh, at sea, off the Cape de Verd islands
On the occurrence of atmospheric deposits of dust and ashes; with remarks on the drift pumice of the coasts of New Holland
1816.\tAn elementary treatise on mineralogy and geology: being an introduction to the study of these sciences, and designed for the use of pupils,\x97for persons attending lectures on these subjects,\x97and as a companion for travellers
Die Pflanze: Vortr\xe4ge aus dem Gebiete der Botanik
1798. book A Voyage to the South Atlantic and Round Cape horn\x85
Charles Darwin's "insufferable grief"
"I Will Gladly Do My Best": How Charles Darwin obtained a Civil List Pension for Alfred Russel Wallace
Observations on the tertiary strata of the Atlantic Coast
Outlines of the geology of England and Wales. Pt 1
Extract of a letter from Mr Benj. Cooke, FRS, to Mr Peter Collinson, FRS, concerning the effect which the farina of the blossoms of different sorts of apple-trees had on the fruit of a neighbouring tree
1837. Expeditions scientifique: Voyage au p\xf4le austral
Extending Darwin\x92s investigations on the barnacle life-history
1861. Vincas. Gardeners'
Darwin's visit to the Cape
The extraterrestrial life debate 1750-1900: the idea of a plurality of worlds from Kant to Lowell
A few notes on the fecundation of orchids and their morphology. [Read 3
The posidonian schist amidst trappean beds, and on traces of drift-ice in the South of the Isle of Man. Report of the 15th meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science held in Cambridge
The Isle of Man; its history, physical, ecclesiastical, civil and legendary
Essay on the theory of the earth, with geological illustrations by Professor Jameson
The animal kingdom arranged in conformity with its organization...with additional
'D. of Deal'. 1861. The Auricula bloom of 1861
1820-1870
Correspondence Project Online Database (http://www.darwinproject.ac.uk/). incorporates and supercedes
The world that Fred made
The practical physiology of plants
The process of aggregation in the tentacles of Drosera rotundifolia
On the glandular bodies on Acacia sphaerocephala and Cecropia peltata, serving as food for ants: with an appendix on the nectar-glands of the common Brake Fern, Pteris aquilina
On the protrusion of protoplasmic filaments from the glandular hairs on the leaves of the common teasel (Dipsacus sylvestris)
The elements of botany
Springtime and other essays
Springtime and other essays
Giles Bridle. 1826. A description of active and extinct volcanoes; with remarks on their origin, their chemical phaenomena, and the character of their products, as determined by the condition of the earth during the period of their formation. Being the substance of some lectures delivered before the University of Oxford, with much additional matter
Consolations in travel, or the last days of a philosopher
Salmonia; or, Days of Fly Fishing. With some Account of the Habits of Fishes belonging to the genus Salmo
Osservazioni zoologiche. Archivio per la Zoologia, l'Anatomia e le Fisiologia 1
A selection of the geological memoirs contained in the Annales des mines, together with a synoptical table of equivalent formations, and Brongniart's table of the classification of mixed rocks
A geological manual
Researches in theoretical geology
Anniversary address of the president
Sugli apparecchi della fecondazione nelle piante antocarpe (fanerogame): sommario di osservazioni fatte negli anni 1865-1866
On the Darwinian theory of pangenesis. Scientific Opinion: A Weekly Record of Scientific Progress at Home & Abroad 2
Una recente parola di Carlo Darwin sulla pangenesi a proposito di una pubblicazione di Delpino
Archetypes and ancestors: palaeontology in Victorian London, 1850-1875
Grant: the social predicament of a pre-Darwinian transmutationist
Desquiron de Saint-Agnan ed. 1821. Historia del proceso de la reine de Inglaterra escrita en franc\xe9s con presencia de documentos fidedignos recogidos en Londres por A.T. Desquiron de St. Agnan y traducida al castellano por el ciudadano don Juan Valle y Cod\xe9s
Pre-historic man in Japan
Dictionary of national biography. 1885-1912
Narrative and successful result of a voyage in the South Seas: performed by order of the government of British India, to ascertain the actual fate of La Peyrouse's expedition. 2 vols
Ornamental and Domestic Poultry; their history and management. Reprinted from the "Gardener\x92s Chronicle," ... with additions
Edinburgh and London
The true law of population shewn to be connected with the food of the people
Zoology of the 'Challenger' Expedition. Annals and
Voyage autour du monde
Recherches sur la volubilit\xe9 des tiges de certains v\xe9g\xe9taux et sur la cause de ce ph\xe9nom\xe8ne. Annales des sciences naturelles (botanique)
Sur la floraison et la fructification du Leersia Oryzoides. Bulletin de
On the migration of birds. In Linnaeus, C. Select Dissertations from the Amoenitates Academicae, Trans
Animalia evertebrata exclusis insectis percensuit Dr
1834. \xdcber die Natur und Bildung der Coralleninseln und Corallenb\xe4nke im rothen Meere
On the remains of infusorial animalcules in volcanic rocks
The expression of the emotions in man and animals. 3d ed. With an introduction, afterword and commentaries by Paul Ekman. Essay on the history of the illustrations by Phillip Prodger
An essay towards a natural history of the corallines, and other marine productions of the like kind, commonly found on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland
Polynesian researches, during a residence of nearly six years in the South Sea Islands, including descriptions of the natural history and scenery of the Islands, with remarks on the history, mythology, traditions, government, arts, manners, and customs of the inhabitants. 2 vols
Genera plantarum secundum ordines naturales disposita
'Eques'. 1861. Polish fowls
Beitr\xe4ge zur Gebirgskunde Brasiliens
Darwin in Galapagos. His footsteps through the archipelago
Remarks on the skeletons of the common tame goose, the Chinese goose, and the hybrid between the two
1871. Fertilisation of Leschenaultia formosa. Gardeners'
A description of Patagonia and the adjoining parts of South America, containing an account of the soil, produce, animals, vales, mountains, rivers, lakes, &c. of those countries; the religion, government, policy, customs, dress, arms, and language of the Indian inhabitants; and some particulars relating to Falkland Islands
On some defects in public school education
Fertilisation of Papilionaceous Flowers\x97Coronilla
Arte de la lengua general del reyno de Chile, Calle de
1872. \xdcber den Einfluss der Naturwissenschaft auf das Recht
Aus dem Leben eines jungen Madril (Cynocephalus mormon): Seine Erkrankung und sein Tod
Aus dem Leben eines Drills (Cynocephalus leucophaeus)
Scarcity of holly berries
Natura non facit saltum in Alfred Marshall (and Charles Darwin)
Sketch of the surveying voyages of His Majesty's ships Adventure and Beagle, 1825-1836
Dangerous Darwinism. Public understanding
The philosophy of zoology; or, A general view of the structure, functions and classification of animals. 2 vols
Report on the mollusca and radiata of the \xe6gean Sea, and on their distribution, considered as bearing on geology. Report of the 13th meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science held
On the connexion between the distribution of the existing fauna and flora of the British Isles, and the geological changes which have affected their area, especially during the epoch of the Northern Drift
On the theory of glaciers: now first collected and chronologically arranged with a prefatory note on the recent progress and present aspect of the theory
On some changes of level which have taken place during the historical period in Denmark. [Read 31
A letter to Charles Lyell, Esq., on some changes of level which have taken place in Denmark during the present period
Observations made during a voyage round the world, on physical geography, natural history, and ethic philosophy
Florul\xe6 insularum Australium prodromus
On the lamination of clay by electricity
[Letter to Lyell on the appearance of elevation of land on the west coast of South America.]
A notice on Maria Island, on the east coast of Van Diemen's land
Ensayo de la historia civil del Paraguay, Buenos Aires y Tucuman
Origin of species
On the structure of the Lepadid\xe6. Report of the 30th meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, held
Nachricht \xfcber Versuche, die Befruchtung einiger Gew\xe4chse betreffend. Naturwissenschaftliche Abhandlungen, herausgegeben von eine
Versuche und Beobachtungen \xfcber die Befruchtungsorgane der vollkommeneren Gew\xe4chse und \xfcber die nat\xfcrliche und k\xfcnstliche Befruchtung durch den eigenen Pollen. Pt 1 of Beitr\xe4ge zur Kenntniss der Befruchtung der vollkommeneren Gew\xe4chse
Versuche und Beobachtungen \xfcber die Bastarderzeugung im Pflanzenreich. Mit Hinweisung auf die \xe4hnlichen Erscheinungen im Thierreiche, ganz umgearbeitete und sehr vermehrte Ausgabe der von
Darwin and South American fossils
Tremblement de terre de Chili. Comptes Rendus hebdomadaires de l'Academie des
The great ice age and its relation to the antiquity of man
In Handbuch der Zoologie, by Gerstaecker and Julius Victor Carus
The triumph of the Darwinian method. Berkeley and Los Angeles
Darwin: A reader's guide. Occasional Papers of the California Academy of Sciences (155 [12
An account of the eruptions of the volcano of Peuquenes, in the Andes of Chile
What about Darwin?
On the variation in the colour of peas, occasioned by cross impregnation
St Helena 1502-1938
On the distribution of land-shells
Narrative of an expedition to the east coast of Greenland, sent by order of the king of Denmark, in search of the lost colonies, under the command of Captn. W. A. Graah of the Danish Royal Navy: translated from the Danish by the late G
The history of Mauritius, or the Isle of France, and the neighbouring islands; from their first discovery to the present time: composed principally from the papers and memoirs of Baron Grant, by his son Charles Grant, viscount de Vaux. Illustrated with maps from the best authorities
Recent research on the evolution of land birds on the Gal\xe1pagos
Manual of the botany of the northern United States: second edition; including
Note on the coiling of tendrils of plants
Fertilization of orchids through the agency of insects
Structure and fertilization of certain orchids
Sarracenias as Fly-catchers
Saddled with Darwin
A critical examination of the first principles of geology in a series of essays
Charles Darwin and the Falkland Islands
The eye of reason: Darwin's development during the Beagle voyage
Darwin on man. A psychological study of scientific creativity; together with Darwin's early and unpublished notebooks
The gigantic land-tortoises (living and extinct) in the collection of the British Museum
Mapa fisico y politico del alto y bajo Peru: nota, esta mapa esta corejido con presencia de las observaciones e itinerarios de los oficiales facultatives que han accompa\xf1ado a los ejercitos en sus diferentes operaciones, cujos trabajos se reunieron a la cosecuencia de los ultimos acontecimientos por orden del gobierno
Sch\xf6pfungsgeschichte. Gemeinverst\xe4ndliche wissenschaftliche Vortr\xe4ge \xfcber die Entwickelungslehre im Allgemeinen und diejenige von Darwin, Goethe und Lamarck im Besonderen, \xfcber die Anwendung derselben auf den Ursprung des Menschen und andere damit zusammenh\xe4ngende Grundfragen der Naturwissenschaft
The history of creation, or, The development of the earth and its inhabitants by the action of natural causes : a popular exposition of the doctrine of evolution in general, and of that of Darwin, Goethe and Lamarck in paticular. from the German of Ernst Haeckel; translation revision by E
Ueber die Naturanschauung von Darwin, G\xf6the und Lamarck. Tageblatt der Versammlung Deutscher Naturforscher und Aerzte in Eisenach, von 18. bis 22
Perception in ants
Die Urzelle, nebst dem Beweis dass Granit, Gneiss, Serpentin, Talk, gewisse Landsteine, auch Basalt, endlich Meteorstein und Meteoreisen aus Pflanzen bestehen: die Entwicklungslehre durch Thatsachen neu begr\xfcndet
Extracts from a Journal written on the coast of Chili, Peru, and Mexico, in the years 1820, 1821, 1822. Edinburgh: Printed for Archibald Constable
On the revolutions of the earth's surface
On the excavating powers of certain sponges belonging to the genus Cliona; with descriptions of several new species, and an allied generic form
Liberators: South America\x92s savage wars of freedom 1810-30
Rough notes taken during some rapid journeys across the Pampas and among the Andes
Darwin's Island. Privately printed
Travels from Buenos Ayres, by Potosi, to Lima.\tLondon
Principles of the anatomy and physiology of the vegetable cell. By Hugo von Mohl
Fertilisation of plants. Gardener's Chronicle n.s
Geological description of Anglesea. [Read 26 November 1821.] Transactions of the
1982. Les divergences entre Darwin et Lyell sur quelques questions g\xe9ologiques
Charles Darwin, geologist
Doing and knowing: Charles Darwin and other travellers
A treatise on astronomy
Die Fruchtbildung der Orchideen, ein Beweis f\xfcr die doppelte Wirkung des Pollen
Experimente \xfcber den Dimorphismus von Linum perenne und Primula sinensis
Experimente zur Dichogamie und zum Dimorphismus
On the necessity for insect agency in the fertilisation of Corydalis cava
Final report on the geology of Massachusetts: in four parts, I. Economical geology
Darwin and the laws of the animate part of the terrestrial system (1835-1837); on the Lyellian origins of his zoonomical explanatory program
Darwin as a lifelong generation theoriest
Against \x91\x91Revolution\x92\x92 and \x91\x91Evolution\x92\x92
1828. \xdcber die Eigenschaften welche sich bei Menschen und Thieren von den Eltern auf die Nachkommen vererben, mit besonderer R\xfccksicht auf die
Ernst Adolf von. 1822-4. Geschichte der durch Ueberlieferung nachgeweisen nat\xfcrlichen Ver\xe4nderungen der Erdoberfl\xe4che. 3 vols
Ueber contractile Gebilde bei Bl\xe4tterschw\xe4mmen
1859. \xdcber Pilzkeimungen
A voyage round the world, including travels in Africa
Flora Indica: being a systematic account of the plants of British India, together with observations on the structure and affinities of their natural orders and genera
vols. Pt 2 of The botany of the Antarctic voyage of HM discovery ships Erebus and Terror, in the years 1839-1843, under the command of Captain Sir James Clark Ross
Darwin's South America
An abstract of a memoir on physical geology; with a further exposition of certain points connected with the subject
Researches in physical geology
On the elevation and denudation of the district of the lakes of Cumberland and Westmorland
On the internal pressure to which rock masses may be subjected, and its possible influence in the production of the laminated structure
Physical theories of the phenomena of life
On an artificial substance resembling shell
India directory, or, directions for sailing to and from the East Indies
Remarks on several icebergs which have been met with in unusually low latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere
A new view of Darwinism
A new view of Darwinism
1870. A third letter on the ornithology of Buenos Ayres. [Read 24
Political essay on the kingdom of New Spain. Containing researches relative to the geography of Mexico, the extent of its surface and its political division into intendancies, the physical aspect of the country, the population, the state of agriculture and manufacturing and commercial industry, the canals projected between the south sea and Atlantic ocean, the Crown revenues, the quantity of the precious metals which have flowed from Mexico into Europe and Asia, since the discovery of the new continent, and the military defence of New Spain. Translated by John Black. 4 vols
Personal narrative of travels to the equinoctial regions of the New Continent, during the years 1799-1804. By Alexander de Humboldt, and Aim\xe9 Bonpland; with maps, plans, &c. written in French by Alexander de Humboldt, and trans. into English by
A geognostical essay on the superposition of rocks; in both hemispheres
Fragmens de g\xe9ologie et de climatologie asiatiques
Report of the destruction by earthquake of the town of Praya de Victoria, on the 15th of June, 1841. [Read 1 December]
Charles Darwin and his world
The coming of age of the Origin of species
Perfect seeds and culture of Lathyrus grandifloris
British Conchology, or an account of the mollusca which now inhabit the British Isles and the surrounding seas. Volume 1: Land and freshwater shells
The physical atlas: a series of maps & notes illustrating the geographical distribution of natural phenomena
On the Rapidity of the Passage of Crystalloid Substances into the Vascular and Non-Vascular Textures of the Body
On the Rate of Passage of Crystalloids into and out of the Vascular and Non-Vascular Textures of the Body
A voyage to South America: describing at large the Spanish cities, towns, provinces, &c. on that extensive continent. Undertaken, by command of the King of Spain, by Don George Juan, and Don Antonio de Ulloa, captains of the Spanish navy. Translated\x85with notes and observations; and an account of the Brazils by John Adams
A postscript to Darwin\x92s \x93Formation of vegetable mould through the action
Observations on the latest geological changes in the South of Scotland
Account of the Island of Deception, one of the New Shetland Isles. Extracted from the private Journal of Lieutenant Kendal, R.N., embarked on board his Majesty's sloop Chanticleer, Captain Forster, on a scientific voyage
Die Schutzmittel der Bl\xfcthen gegen unberufene G\xe4ste
When is wheat fertilised?
St Helena: the forgotten island. Reprinted from The National Geographic Magazine August 1950 with an introduction by
Annie\x92s box: Charles Darwin, his daughter and human evolution
The Beagle record. Selections from the original pictorial records and written accounts of the voyage of HMS Beagle
2003. Fossils, finches and Fuegians: Charles Darwin's adventures and discoveries on the Beagle, 1832-1836
Quentin Keynes, explorer, film-maker, lecturer and book-collector 1921-2003
Narrative of a survey of the intertropical and western coasts of Australia performed between the years 1818 and 1822
Sailing directions for the coasts of Eastern and Western Patagonia, from Port St. Elena on the East side of Cape Tres Montes on the West Side; including the Strait of Magalhaens and the sea coast of Terra del Fuego
Some observations upon the geography of the southern extremity of South America, Tierra del Fuego, and the Strait of Magalhaens; made during the late survey of those coasts in his Majesty's ships Adventure and Beagle, between the years 1826 and 1830
Ordering the world: a history of classifying man. London: Burnett Books, in association with Andr\xe9
An account of some experiments on the fecundation of vegetables
An account of some mule plants
On some circumstances relating to the economy of bees
Vorl\xe4ufige Nachricht von einigen das Geschlecht der Pflanzen betreffenden Versuchen und Beobachtungen
Voyage of discovery in the South Sea, and to Behring's Straits, in search of a north-east passage: undertaken in the years
Beobachtungen \xfcber den Cementapparat und die weiblichen Zeugungsorgane einiger Cirripedien
Atlas de l\x92Oc\xe9an Pacifique dress\xe9 par M
Untersuchungen \xfcber das Protoplasma und die Contractilit\xe4t
Agrostographia synoptica, sive enumeratio Graminearum omnium hucusque cognitarum, &c
Fran\xe7ois de Galaup de. 1798-1799. A voyage round the world performed in the years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788, by the Boussole and Astrolabe, under the commande of J.F.G. de la P\xe9rouse
A serious call to a devout and holy life. Adapted to the state
On the varieties, properties and classification of wheat
Pontederia cordata, L. Bulletin of the Torrey Botanical
Pontederia cordata, L. Bulletin of the Torrey Botanical
Recherches nouvelles sur la cause du mouvement spiral des tiges volubiles. Bulletin de
Darwin's hypotheses. Fortnightly Review n.s
The theory of horticulture; or an attempt to explain the principal operations of gardening upon physiological principles
The vegetable kingdom; or, the structure, classification, and uses of plants, illustrated upon the natural system
The vegetable kingdom; or, the structure, classification, and uses of plants, illustrated upon the natural systemwith corrections and additional genera
Philosophia botanica in qua explicantur fundamenta botanica cum definitionibus partium, exemplis terminorum, observationibus rariorum, adjectis figuris \xe6neis
Sistens Animalia Suecicae Regni
Maritime Merioneth: The Town and Port of Barmouth (1565-1973). Llanfair
Wherever Freights may offer: The Maritime Community of Abermaw/ Barmouth 1565 to 1920
Consid\xe9rations sur les c\xe9r\xe9ales et principalement sur les froments. 2 pts. Paris: Au bureau du
Darwin and Cirripedia prior to 1846: Exploring the origins of the barnacle research
A peculiar variety of honey-bee. The Cottage Gardener and Country
The finches of the Galapagos in relation to Darwin\x92s conception of species
A true and particular relation of the dreadful earthquake which happen'd at Lima, the capital of Peru, and the neighbouring port
Notes on Rio de Janeiro, and the southern parts of Brazil : taken during a residence of ten years in that country, from 1808 to 1818
Principles of geology, being an attempt to explain the former changes of the Earth's surface, by reference to causes now in operation
Principles of geology: being an enquiry how far the former changes of the earth's surface are referable to causes now in operationn. 4 vols
The Bakerian Lecture: On the proofs of a gradual rising of the land in certain parts of Sweden
Principles of geology: being an inquiry how far the former changes of the earth's surface are referable to causes now in operation
Elements of geology
On the boulder formation, or drift and associated freshwater deposits composing the mud-cliffs of eastern Norfolk
On the boulder formation or drift, and associated freshwater deposits composing the mudd cliffs of Eastern Norfolk. [Read 22 January.]
Travels in North America; with geological observations on the United States
Principles of geology; or, the modern changes of the earth and its inhabitants considered as illustrative of geology
The geological evidences of the antiquity of man with remarks on theories of the origin of species by variation
The geological evidences of the antiquity of man with remarks on theories of the origin of species by variation. 2d edition
The geological evidences of the antiquity of man with remarks on the origin of species by variation. 3d edn
On the parallel roads of Glen Roy
On peat
1832 [1836]. Map of Scotland: constructed from original materials
Proofs and illustrations of the attributes of god from the facts and laws of the physical universe, being the foundation of natural and revealed religion. 3 vols
Travels in the Island of Iceland, during the summer of the year MDCCCX
On the theory of the parallel roads of Glen Roy
The history of England in the Cabinet cyclop\xe6dia
A sketch of the geology of Fife and the Lothians, including detailed descriptions of Arthur's Seat and Pentland Hills. Edinburgh : Adam and Charles Black
Horae entomologicae: or, essays on the annulose animals
Travels in south-eastern Asia: embracing Hindustan, Malaya, Siam, and China; with notices of numerous missionary stations and a full account of the Burman empire
An essay on the principle of population: or, a view of its past and present effects on human happiness : with an inquiry into our prospects respecting the future removal or mitigation of the evils which it occasions
Universal geography, or a
Punta Alta, 161 years after Darwin. In Darwin y la Beagle en Chile: Evolution Hoy
An account of the natives of the Tonga Islands in the South Pacific Ocean. 2 vols. London: printed for the author.\r\n
The history of Sumatra, containing an account of the government, laws, customs, and manners of the native inhabitants, with a description of the natural productions, and a relation of the ancient political state of that island
Fertilisation of British orchids by insect agency
Life and letters of the Right Honourable Robert Lowe, Viscount Sherbrooke, G.C.B., D.C.L., etc., with a memoir of Sir John Coape Sherbrooke, G.C.B. sometimes Governor-General of Canada
Observations on the Glaciers of Spitzbergen, compared with those of Switzerland and Norway. By C Martens, M.D., Member of the Northern Commission
Travels in the gold and diamond districts of Brazil; describing the methods of working the mines, the natural productions, agriculture, and commerce, and the customs and manners of the inhabitants: to which is added a brief account of the process of amalgamation practised in Peru and Chili. A new edition, illustrated with colored plates. London: Printed for Longman
Prince of Wied-Neuwied. 1820. Travels in Brazil in the years 1815, 1816, and 1817. 3 vols
Geology and petrology of the Gal\xe1pagos Islands
Reports of a Committee for investigating the coal and mineral resources of India
An introduction to bibliography for literary students
Conjectures concerning the Cause, and Observations upon the Phaenomena of Earthquakes; Particularly of That Great Earthquake of the First of November, 1755, Which Proved So Fatal to the City of Lisbon, and Whose Effects Were Felt As Far As Africa, and More or Less throughout Almost
Travels in Chile and La Plata, including accounts respectingthe geography, geology, statistics, government, finances, agriculture, manners and customs, and the mining operations in Chile
On polished and striated rocks, lately discovered on Arthur Seat, and other places near Edinburgh
Histoire naturelle des Crustac\xe9s, comprenant l\x92anatomie, la physiologie et la classification de ces animaux. 3 vols
Consid\xe9rations sur quelques principes relatifs \xe0 la clasification naturelle des animaux, et plus particuli\xe8rement sur la distribution m\xe9thodique des mammif\xe8res
Paradise lost. A poem written in ten books
The atmospheric phenomenon seen near the Equator
On the genesis of species
Die Bewegungen der Thiere und ihr psychischer Horizont. Schriften des naturwissenschaftlichen Vereins f\xfcr Schleswig-Holstein 1
Observations on some orchids of the south of France. [Read 3
Contributions to the flora of Mentone and to a Winter Flora of the Riviera, including the Coast from Marseilles to Genoa. 4 pts
1827. \xdcber den Bau und das Winden der Ranken und Schlingpflanzen
Einige Beobachtungen \xfcber dimorphe Bl\xfcthen
Compendio de la historia geografica natural y civil del Reyno de Chile. Part 1. Madrid: Don Antonio de Sancha, 1794; (Compendio de la historia civil del Reyno de Chile). Part 2
Arbres fruitieres. 2 vols
Ornithological dictionary of British birds
Of love and death: Why Darwin 'gave up Christianity'
The Darwin legend. Grand Rapids
On the earthquake in Syria in January 1837. [Read 5 April.]
Gentlemen of science: early years of the British Association for the Advancement of Science
Fran\xe7ois Antoine. 1839. On the production of vanilla in Europe
Description of eight species of brachiopodous shells from the Pal\xe6ozoic rocks of the Falkland Islands
Shell mounds of Omori. Memoirs of the
Some recent publications on Japanese archaeology
Notes by a naturalist on the "Challenger" being an account of various observations made during the voyage of H.M.S. "Challenger" round
Ueber Befruchtungserscheinungen bei Orchideen. Aus einem Briefe an Freidrich Hildebrand
Beitrage zur Kenntniss der Termiten. Jenaische Zeitschrift f\xfcr Medicin und
Beobachtungen an brasilianischen Schmetterlingen
Beobachtungen an westf\xe4lischen Orchideen. Verhandlungen des Naturhistorischen Vereines der preussischen Rheinlande und Westphalens 25
Die Befruchtung der Blumen durch Insekten und die gegenseitigen Anpassungen beider: ein Beitrag zur Erkenntniss des urs\xe4chlichen Zusammenhanges in der organischen Natur
Fertilisation of flowers by insects
The Silurian system, founded on geological researches in the counties of Salop
Habit and intelligence, in their connexion with the laws of matter and force. A series of scientific essays
On the disguises of nature: being an inquiry into the laws which regulate external form and colour in plants and animals
An English grammar, comprehending the principles and rules of the language, illustrated by appropriate exercises and a key to the exercises
An account of several late voyages and discoveries to the south and north also towards Nova Zembla, Greenland or Spitsberg, Groynland or Engrondland, &c
On the geology of the Bermudas
Dictionary of the Spanish and English languages
On rock-basins in the bed of the Toombuddra, Southern India (lat. 15\xb0
The History of Carcinology
Intellect in brutes
The voyage of the Vega round Asia and Europe, with a historical review of previous journeys along the north coast of the Old World. translated by Alexander Leslie
Bibilia moa ra oia te Faufaa Tahito e te Faufaa Api ra: Iritihia ei parau Tahiti
Quedah; or, Stray leaves from a journal in Malayan waters
The development
Descriptive catalogue of the osteological series contained in the museum of
Lectures on the comparative anatomy and physiology of the invertebrates
[Review of] Introduction to the study of the Foraminifera. By William B
Regular flowers in Pelargoniums
Lectures on surgical pathology delivered at the
Lectures on surgical pathology delivered at the
Le moyen de devenir riche, et la maniere veritable, par laquelle tous les hommes de la France pourront apprendre \xe0 multiplier & augmenter leurs thresors & possessions
Spicilegia zoologica quibus novae imprimis et obscurae animalium species iconibus, descriptionibus atque commentariis illustrantur. 14 parts in 2 vols
M\xe9morie sur la variation des animaux; premi\xe8re partie
1827. \xdcber das Winden der Pflanzen: eine botanisch-physiologische Abhandlung, welche von der medicinischen Facult\xe4t der Universit\xe4t T\xfcbingen im Jahr 1826 als Preisschrift gekr\xf6nt wurde
Thomas Park's journey into the interior of Africa
Darwin in the New World
Buenos Ayres, and the provinces of the Rio de la Plata: their present state, trade, and debt. with some account from original documents of the progress of geographical discovery in those parts of South America during the last sixty years
Darwin's fishes: an encyclopedia of ichthyology, ecology, and evolution
Charles Darwin on the origin and diversity of igneous rocks
\x91Marks of extreme violence\x92: Charles Darwin\x92s geological observations at St Jago (S\xe3o Tiago), Cape Verde Islands
The origin of species by Charles Darwin: a variorum text
History of quadrupeds
Histoire d'un voyage aux Isles Malouines, fait en 1763 & 1764; avec des observations due le detroit de Magellan, et sur les Pattagons
Voyage aux Terres Australes
Studien \xfcber Symmetrie und specifische Wachsthumsursachen. Arbeiten des botanischen
Pflanzenphysiologie: ein Handbuch des Stoffwechsels und Kraftwechsels in der Pflanze
On some effects of the atmosphere in wasting the surfaces of buildings and rocks. [Read 27 April.]
On a group of slate rocks ranging E.S.E. between the rivers Lune and Wharfe, from near Kirby Lonsdale to near Malham
A treatise on geology
Three notices
An elementary introduction to mineralogy: including some account of mineral elements and constituents; explanations of terms in common use; brief accounts of minerals, and of the places and circumstances in which they are found : Designed for the use of the student
An elementary introduction to mineralogy: comprising a notice of the characters and elements of the minerals: With accounts of the places and circumstances in which they are found; considerably augmented by Robert Allan
Wissenschaftliches System der Mimik und Physiognomik
The barnacles (Cirripedia) contained in the collections of the U.S
The sessile barnacles (Cirripedia) contained in the collections of the U.S
Sur la famille des Linnes
Illustrations of the Huttonian theory of the earth
Darwin's elephants
The vascular plants of Joseph Dalton Hooker's An enumeration of the plants of the Galapagos Archipelago; with descriptions of those which are new
Relationships of the Gal\xe1pagos flora
Charles Darwin and 'Ancient Seeds'
Charles Darwin and the origin of species. Addresses, etc., in America and England in the year of the two anniversaries
On some recent elevations of the Coast of Banffshire; and on a deposit of clay, formerly considered to be lias. [Read 3
Destruction of flowers by birds
Bees in New Zealand
Fossil organisms in meteorites
Darwin\x92s embryology
Owen and Darwin reading a fossil: Macrauchenia in a boney light
On the superficial accumulations and surface-markings of north Wales
Period Piece
The ornithology of Francis Willughby of Middleton in the county of Warwick Esq, fellow of the
Ueber den Ursprung der secund\xe4ren m\xe4nnlichen Geschlechtscharakteren, insbesondere bei
Naturgeschichte der Saeugethiere von Paraguay
Darwin\x92s search for a theory of the Earth: symmetry, simplicity and speculation
A question of property rights: Richard Owen\x92s evolutionism reassessed
The zoology of the voyage of HMS Erebus and Terror, under the command of Captain Sir James Clark Ross, R.N., F.R.S., during the years 1839 to 1843. 2 vols
Fauna Boreali-Americana; or, the zoology of the northern parts of British America: containing descriptions of the objects of natural history collected on the late northern land expeditions, under command of Captain Sir
Report on the ichthyology of the seas of China and Japan. Report of the 15th meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science held at Cambridge
Vertebrals, including fossil mammals
"A Lab of one's own": The Balfour Biological Laboratory for Women
The discovery of Tahiti: a journal of the second voyage of H.M.S. Dolphin round the world, under the command of Captain Wallis
Report on the geology of North America. Report to the British association for the advancement of science 1834
Address delivered at the meeting of the Association of American Geologists and Naturalists, held in
1866. \xdcber den Bl\xfcthenbau und die Befruchtung von Epipogium Gmelini: Eine v
Life and Letters of George Romanes
Natural selection and Dysteriology
Rudimentary organs
Darwin, Coral reefs, and global geology
Illustrations of the botany and other branches of the natural history of the Himalayan Mountains, and of the flora of Cashmere. 2 vols
The great Devonian controversy. Chicago and
Darwin and Glen Roy: a 'great failure'
Lyell and Darwin, geologists: Studies in the earth sciences in the age of reform
Worlds before Adam: The reconstruction of geohistory in the age of reform
Narrative of a voyage round the world during the years 1835, 36 and 37: including a narrative of an embassy to the Sultan of Muscat and the King of Siam
Narrative of an expedition to the polar sea, in the years 1820, 1821, 1822
Physiologie v\xe9g\xe9tale. Recherches sur les conditions d\x92existence des plantes et sur le jeu de leurs organes
Gustav Julius von. 1875. Text-book of botany morphological and physiological
An account of a storm of salt, which fell in January 1803
Observations on the different species of Dahlia, and the best method of cultivating them in Great Britain
On the electrical phenomena which accompany the contraction of the leaf of Dionaea Muscipula
Note on hte electrical phenomena which accompany irritation of the leaf of Dionaea Muscipula
Reisen und Forschungen im Amur-Lande in den Jahren 1854-1856; im Auftrage der Kaiserl. Akademie der Wissenschaften zu St Petersburg ausgef\xfchrt und in Verbindung mit mehreren Gelehrten
The wider British context in Darwin\x92s theorizing
An account of the Arctic regions, with a history and description of the northern whale-fishery
Observations on the functions and structure of the reproductive organs in the Primulace\xe6. [Read 4
Considerations on volcanos, the probable causes of their phenomena, the laws which determine their march, the disposition of their products, and their connexion with the present state and past history of the globe; leading to the establishment of a new theory of the earth
An account of the structure of Pogonia ophioglossoides Nutt., and of the probable manner in which its fertilization is effected. [Read 3 December]
The geognosy of the Island of St Helena, illustrated in a series of views, plans and sections; accompanied with explanatory remarks and observations
Controversy in Victorian geology: the Cambrian-Silurian dispute
The discovery of a vocation: Darwin\x92s early geology
On the geological relations and internal structure of the magnesian limestone.Transactions of the Geological
Description of a raised beach in Barnstaple or Bideford Bay, on the North-West coast of Devonshire
Memoirs of the life of Dr Darwin chiefly during his residence at Lichfield, with anecdotes of his friends and criticisms on his writings
On slaty cleavage
The works in verse and prose, of William Shenstone, esq; most of which were never before printed.\r\n
Experiments on the specific identity of the cowslip and primrose
Geology of Galapagos
The Gal\xe1pagos Islands: A history of their exploration
Darwin\x92s invertebrate program, 1826-1836
History of Brazil. 3 vols
On instinct
Instinct, with original observations on young animals
Baptist von and Martius, Carl Frederick Philip von. 1824. Travels in Brazil in the years 1817-1820, undertaken by command of His Majesty the King of Bavaria. 2 vols
Das entdeckte Geheimnis der Natur im Bau und in der Befruchtung der Blumen
Ueber den Einfluss von Richtung und St\xe4rke der Beleuchtung auf einige Bewegungserscheinungen im Pflanzenreiche. Botanische Zeitung
A narrative of the voyage of HMS Beagle being passages from the 'Narrative' written
Beagle
The custom of the room or early wine-books of Christ's
1833. Description of Chiasognarthus Grantii: A new Lucanideous insect forming the type of an undescribed genus
A historical and descriptive narrative of twenty years\x92 residence in South America: containing the travels in Arauco, Chile, Peru, and Colombia; with an account of the revolution, its rise, progress, and results. 3 vols
Development and Conservation of Aldabra
the geological significance of coral reefs
Darwin and the barnacle: The story of one tiny creature and history's most spectacular scientific breakthrough
Physical description of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land
1833.Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia during the Years 1828, 1829, 1830, and 1831: With Observations on the Soil, Climate, and General Resources of the Colony of New South Wales
Darwin and his finches: The evolution of a legend
Darwin's conversion: The Beagle voyage and its aftermath
and the Galapagos
Further remarks on Darwin's spelling habits and the dating of Beagle voyage manuscripts
Darwin\x92s early intellectual development: an overview of the Beagle voyage (1831-1836)
The evidence of Christianity, derived from its nature and reception
On fertilizing the blossoms of pears
The British flower-garden, containing coloured figures and descriptions of the most ornamental and curious hardy herbaceous plants ... The drawings by
The British flower-garden; containing coloured figures and descriptions of the most ornamental and curious hardy herbaceous plants ... The drawings by
Werner's nomenclature of colours with additions, arranged so as to render it highly useful to the arts and sciences particularly zoology, botany, chemistry, mineralogy, and morbid anatomy. Annexed to which are examples selected from well-known objects in the animal, vegetable, and mineral kingdoms
1856. On the very remarkable peculiarities existing in the skulls of the feather-crested variety of the domestic fowl, now known as the Polish
Botanique
On Darwin, extinctions and South African fauna
The Archives of the Geological Society of London
Notes from the Challenger
Report on the scientific results of the voyage of H.M.S. Challenger during the years 1873-76: under the command of Captain George S. Nares and Captain Frank Tourle Thomson: Zoology: prepared under the superintendence of Sir
HMS Beagle: The story of Darwin\x92s ship
Presidential address to the British Society for the Advancement of Science, Edinburgh meeting
Travels in Europe, Africa and Asia, performed between the years 1770 and 1779
Cras credemus. A treatise on the cultivation of the potato from the seed, having for proposed results the extinction of the disease, and a yield of thirty, forty or more tons of tubers per statute acre
Darwin et la science de l\x92\xe9volution
Darwin and the science of evolution
Observations on the sundew
Nachtr\xe4gliche Bemerkungen \xfcber die Befruchtung einiger Orchideen
\xdcber Dichogamie nach
On the diluvial deposits of Caernarvonshire, between the Snowdon chain of hills and the Menai strait, and on the discovery of marine shells in diluvial sand and gravel on the summit of Moel Tryfane, near Caernarvon, 1000 ft above the level
On the geology of Norfolk
De graminibus unifloris et sesquifloris dissertatio, sistens theori\xe6 constructionis floris graminei epicrisin, terminologiae novae rationes, de methodo disquisitiones
The last chronicle of Barset
Narrative of an expedition to explore the river Zaire, usually called the Congo, in South Africa, in 1816 under the direction of Captain
A voyage round the world, in the years 1800, 1801, 1802, 1803
The sacred history of the world, as displayed in the creation and subsequent events to the deluge. Attempted to be philosophically considered in a series of letters to a son. 3 vols
British fauna
A conchological dictionary of the British Islands
A voyage to South America: describing at large the Spanish cities, towns, provinces, &c. on that extensive continent: undertaken, by command of the king of Spain by Don George Juan and Don Antonio de Ulloa... Tr. from the original Spanish; with notes and observations; and an account of the Brazils. By John Adams
Le Lorrain, Abb\xe9 de. 1707. Curiosities of nature and art in husbandry and gardening: containing several new experiments in the improvement of land, trees, fruits, &c. : and also nice and useful observations in the vegetation and propagation of plants, with choice secrets to make plants, flowers, and fruits larger, more beautiful, and to ripen quicker than usual
Relacion del ultimo viage al Estrecho de magellanes de la Fragata de S.M. Santa Maria de la Cabeza en los anos de 1785 y 1786
Tremblement du terre de Chili. Comptes Rendus hebdomadaires de l'Academie des
The Darwin reading notebooks (1838-1860)
A new voyage and description of the Isthmus of America, giving an account of the author\x92s abode there
A narrative of travels on the Amazon and Rio Negro, with an account of the native tribes, and observations on the climate
1869.The Malay archipelago; the land of the orang-utan and the bird of paradise; a narrative of travel with studies of man and nature
Contributions to the theory of natural selection. A series of essays
The last attack on Darwinism
Inherited feeling
The geographical distribution of animals; with a study of the relations of living and extinct faunas as elucidating the past changes of the Earth's surface. 2 vols
Tropical nature, and other essays. London &
Island life: or, the phenomena and causes of insular faunas and floras, including a revision and attempted solution of the problem of geological climates
Asiatic\xe6 rariores; or, descriptions and figures of a select number of unpublished East Indian plants. 2 vols
The shaping of Cambridge botany. A short history of whole-plant botany in Cambridge from the time of Ray into the present century
A natural history of the mammalia
The habits of the carrion crow
Structure and fertilisation of the genus Bonatea
1821. A description of the island of St
Narrative of a voyage to the southern Atlantic Ocean, in the years 1828, 29, 30, performed in H.M. Sloop Chanticleer
A voyage towards the South Pole performed in the years 1822-24
A recently discovered Darwin letter on social darwinism
The beak of the finch
Studien zur Descendenz-Theorie. 2 volumes
1860. Doubtful permanence of cross-breeds. Gardeners'
Essay towards a first approximation to a map of cotidal lines
1828. \xdcber die Bastarderzeugung im Pflanzenreiche. Eine von der k\xf6nigl. Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin gekr\xf6nte Preisschrift
Orientalis: containing abridged descriptions of the plants found in the peninsula of British India, arranged according to the natural system
Extract from a letter, by the Rev. David Williams, F.G.S., on the raised beaches in Barnstaple or Bideford Bay
Charles Lyell: The years to 1841, the revolution in geology. [Vol. 1] New Haven
Voyages of discoveries round the world; successively undertaken by the Hon. Commodore Byron, in 1764; Captains Wallis and Carteret, in 1766; and Captain Cook in the years 1768 to 1789 inclusive. The whole carefully selected from the Journals of the respective commanders. 3 vols
Darwin fallen among political economists
Woodpeckers: a guide to the woodpeckers, piculets and wrynecks of the world
Mr Lumb and Masters Megatherium: an unpublished letter by Charles Darwin from the Falklands
Barnacle larvae in the nineteenth century: a case study in taxonomic theory
Ueber Lythrum salicaria und dessen Formen. Verhandlungen des naturhistorischen Vereines der Preussischen Rheinlande und Westphalens 5
Catalogue of Fossil Cirripedia in the Department of Geology. 1 (Triassic and Jurassic): 1-155
Ligurian queens \x96 M. Hermann's "originals". The Cottage Gardener and Country
The life and letters of Thomas Woolner
Phrenology and the origins of Victorian scientific naturalism
Charles Darwin's shorter publications 1829-1883. [With a preface by Janet Browne and Jim Secord]
God! what a wonderful discovery!\x92: Did Charles Darwin really believe life came from space?
Asarum virginicum. Journal of Horticulture and Cottage Gardener n.s
Castro eds
Otto Hahn (1828-1904). Stationen auf dem Lebensweg eines Hahn-/Paulus-Nachkommen: Der swedenborgische Einflu\xdf des Gro\xdfvaters Karl Heinrich Ernst Paulus und Otto Hahns Bestrebungen im Bruderhaus Gustav Werners in Reutlingen. In Beschreibung zu Beitr\xe4ge zur Geschichte des W\xfcrttembergischen Pietismus. Festschrift f\xfcr
