Inquiries concerning the Intellectual Powers and the Investigation of Truth
Physiological Lectures
Methodus qua omnes detectos lichenes, &c
soc. scientiarum Upsaliensis
Memoriam Quattuor Seculorum ab Universitate Upsaliensi peractorum
Actes du Congr\xe8s de botanique horticole r\xe9uni \xe0 Bruxelles...le rer mai 1876. R\xe9dig\xe9s par Edouard
Adriasola y Arve (J. M.). Reflexiones Medicas sobre el Analisis de las Aguas de Yura
Revision of the Echini. 4 Parts and Plates
Report on the Echinoidea (The Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S
Seaside Studies in Natural History. By E
Nomenclatoris Zoologici Index Universalis
Principles of Zo\xf6logy. Part I
Lake Superior...with a narrative of the Tour, by
Contributions to the Natural History of the United States of
Methods of Study in Natural History. 8vo
Address delivered on the Centennial Anniversary of the birth of Alexander von
Report on the Florida Reefs. (Extr.) 4to
A Monograph of the British Nudibranchiate Mollusca
See Phillips (Wm.). An elementary introduction to Mineralogy
Physiological \xc6sthetics
The Colour-Sense: its origin and development. 8vo
Deutsche Ausg....von Ernst Krause
The American Bisons, living and extinct
History of North American Pinnipeds. 8vo
A Monograph of the Fresh-Water Polyzoa
A Monograph of the Gymnoblastic or Tubularian Hydroids
Report of the Hydroida collected...by L
Altum und H
American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Proceedings
American Association for the Advancement of Science. Proceedings
8vo
Anales del Museo P\xfablico de Buenos Aires
A Report on the Expedition to Western
(Fauna und Flora des Golfes von Neapel, ix
Iconographia Crinoideorum in stratis Sueci\xe6 siluricis fossilium....Opus postumum edendum curavit Regia Academia Scientiarum Suecica
Annales des sciences naturelles
Annals and Magazine of Natural History
Annals of Natural History. Conducted by Sir
Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland
Anthropological Review and Journal of the Anthropological Society of London
Anthropological Society of London
Archiv f\xfcr Anthropologie
Beitr\xe4ge zur Biologie der Holzgew\xe4chse
Argyll (The Duke of). The Reign of
Aristotle on the parts of Animals. Transl. with introd. and notes
The British Flora
Elements of
Asiatic Society of Bengal
1882. 8vo
See Helmholtz (H.). Popular Lectures on Scientific Subjects
See Milner (Rev. T.)
by the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge, 1844\x96.) Incomplete
*A new general Atlas. By Sidney
Atlas complet du Pr\xe9cis de la G\xe9ographie universelle de Malte-Brun...revu et corrig\xe9 par
Memorie della classe di scienze morali, storiche e filologiche
Memorie della classe di scienze fisiche, matematiche e naturali
delle scienze di Torino. Classe di scienze fisiche e matematiche
Ornithological Biography: Birds of the United States of America
The Viviparous Quadrupeds of North America
A Manual of Suggestions for Beginners in Literature
Aveling (Edward B.). The Student's Darwin. 8vo
*Die Darwin'sche Theorie. 8vo
De lindustrie mulassi\xe8re en Poitou. 8vo
Manual of British Botany
Das Problem einer Naturgeschichte des Weibes
Gedanken ueber die Teleologie in der Natur. 8vo
Prolegomena zu einer Anthropologischen Philosophie. 8vo
Baildon (Henry Bellyse). The Spirit of Nature. 8vo
The Senses and the Intellect
The Emotions and the Will
On the discovery of the Fossil Remains of Bidental...in South Africa
Elementary Lessons in Botanical Geography. 8vo
See Foster (M.). The Elements of Embryology. 8vo
A Monograph on the development of Elasmobranch Fishes. 8vo
A treatise on Comparative Embryology
*The Works of
Journal of a Tour
Jungle life in India. 8vo
Are the effects of use and disuse inherited?
Ueber die Anf\xe4nge der Organismen
See M\xfcller (J.). Elements of Physiology
Recent advances in the Physiology of Motion, the Senses, &c
An Inquiry into the Opinions ancient and modern concerning Life and Organization
See Frey (H.). The Histology and Histo-chemistry of Man
Histoire naturelle des \xceles Canaries. Par
L' Uomo fatto ad imagine di Dio fu anche fatto ad imagine della scimia
D\xe9fense des Colonies
du syst. silurien du centre de la Boh\xeame
du syst. silurien du centre de la Boh\xeame
du syst. silurien du centre de la Boh\xeame
du syst. silurien du centre de la Boh\xeame
Sketch of the surveying voyages of H.M.Ss. Adventure and
A Lecture on the Geography of Plants. 12mo
The modes of origin of Lowest Organisms. 8vo
The Beginnings of Life
Evolution and the Origin of Life. 8vo
The Brain as an Organ of Mind. 8vo
See British Museum. Catalogue of the specimens of Amphipodous Crustacea
On Aphasia, or Loss of Speech. 8vo
The Naturalist on the River Amazons
Materials for the study of Variation. 8vo
Historia plantarum universalis
Statistics, medical and anthropological...derived from records of the Examination for Military Service
Notes on the Geology of the North Coast of the St
On the structure and growth of the Tissues, and on Life
Gemeinn\xfctzige Naturgeschichte Deutschlands nach allen drey Reichen
Memoir upon the formation of a deaf variety of the human race
Why does man exist? 8vo
The anatomy and philosophy of Expression as connected with the Fine Arts
The Anatomy and Physiology of the Human Body
The Naturalist in Nicaragua. 8vo
M\xe9moire sur les Vers intestinaux. (Suppl. aux Comptes rendus
Notes, chiefly geological, of a Journey through the Northern Circars in the year 1835
Notes on the Geology of the country between Madras and the Neilgherry Hills
Versammlung deutscher Naturforscher und Aerzte in M\xfcnchen vom 17
The varieties of Dogs, as they are found in old Sculptures, &c. 4to
Le\xe7ons sur les propri\xe9t\xe9s des Tissus vivants. Recueillies, r\xe9dig\xe9es et publ. par \xc9mile Alglave
Le\xe7ons sur les ph\xe9nom\xe8nes de la vie communs aux animaux et aux v\xe9g\xe9taux
Ueber den Begriff der Pflanzenart und seine Anwendung. 4to
See Barker-Webb
The use of the Blowpipe in chemical analysis, &c
See B\xfcchner (L.). Mind in Animals
The Honey-Bee. 8vo
See Pouchet (G.). The Plurality of the Human Race
Th\xe9orie Darwinienne et la Cr\xe9ation dite ind\xe9pendante
La Teoria Darwiniana e la Creazione detta indipendente...Lettera al Signor Carlo Darwin. Trad. dal Francese da
Organ des Vereins deutscher Bienenwirthe
Spinal Curvature. 8vo
Schleicher (A.). Darwinism tested by the science of Language
Scientific materialism and ultimate conceptions. 8vo
The terrestrial air-breathing Mollusks of the United States, &c. With Plates. ["Terrestrial Mollusks,"
Naturalist's
See Buch (L. von)
Political Essay on the Kingdom of New Spain
Experimental researches on...Catarrhus aestivus. 8vo
Studies in general Science. 8vo
Researches in Zoology. 8vo
A History of the Spiders of Great Britain and
Dictionnaire des Sciences naturelles. Planches
Manuel d'Actinologie ou de Zoophytologie. Avec un Atlas
See Broca (P.). On the Phenomena of Hybridity
(late Jenyns). Chapters in my Life
The Anthropological Treatises of
The natural history of the Cranes...enlarged, and repr....by W
Pigeons de voli\xe8re et de colombier. Par M M. Boitard et
A geographical and comparative list of the Birds of Europe and
The State of Zoology in Europe
Transylvania; its products and its people
Une Agonie
Recherches sur l'usage des feuilles dans les Plantes. 4to
Illustrations of the Genus Carex. 3 Parts. Fol
Vita e Natura. 8vo
Description des Entomostrac\xe9s fossiles des terrains tertiaires de la France et de la Belgique
Monographie des Crustac\xe9s fossiles du terrain cr\xe9tac\xe9 du Duch\xe9 de Limbourg. 4to
Notice sur quelques Cirrip\xe8des r\xe9cemment d\xe9couverts dans le terrain cr\xe9tac\xe9
Monographie des Brachiopodes fossiles du terrain cr\xe9tac\xe9 sup\xe9rieur du Duch\xe9 de Limbourg. 1\xe8re Partie
An elementary system of Physiology
Boston Society of Natural History. Memoirs II
Botanical Magazine; or, Flower-Garden Displayed
See Wundt (W.). Nouveaux \xe9l\xe9ments de Physiologie humaine
Trait\xe9 de g\xe9ographie et statistique m\xe9dicales et des maladies end\xe9miques
Autobiographie du Docteur m\xe9d\xe9cin
Catalogue des \x8cuvres...du Dr Ami Bou\xe9. 8vo. Vienne, 1876. [Published with the "Autobiographie."] 113\r\n
Permanence and Evolution. 8vo
Practical Botany for Beginners
A Monograph of the British Spongiad\xe6
The Races of the Old World
The dangerous classes of New
A general treatise of Husbandry and Gardening. 3
A monograph of the...Copepoda of the British Islands. 3 vols
See Henfrey (A.). Botanical and Physiological Memoirs
Species not Transmutable. 8vo
Ausgabe. 2te umgearb
The Canary...and some other Birds
Flora of Plymouth. 8vo
Intorno un organo di alcuni embrioni vegetali
British Association for the Advancement of Science. Report of the
Report of the 11th Meeting...Plymouth, 1841. 8vo
Catalogue [List] of the specimens of Mammalia...(Ed
Catalogue of British Hymenoptera...By Fr
Catalogue of the Coleopterous Insects of Madeira...By T
Catalogue of the specimens of Amphipodous Crustacea...By
Catalogue of the Chiroptera...By
Committee on Botanical Work
*Minutes of Evidence...to accompany the Report...dated 11th
On the Phenomena of Hybridity in the Genus Homo
See Psychological Inquiries
See Dictionnaire des Sciences naturelles
Handbuch einer Geschichte der Natur
Morphologische Studien \xfcber die Gestaltungs-Gesetze
Untersuchungen \xfcber die Entwickelungs-Gesetze der organischen Welt. Deutsch hrsg
The Natural History of Insects. 12mo
The Natural History of Waters, Earths, Stones, Fossils, and Minerals. 12mo
Dissertations on subjects of Science connected with Natural Theology...Paley's
Manual of the New Zealand Coleoptera
The Miscellaneous Botanical Works of R. B., with Atlas. 3 vols. (Ray Soc
West Riding Lunatic Asylum Reports
Histoire naturelle des Vers
On Digitalis. 8vo
Handbook for the Physiological Laboratory
The Bible and Science. 8vo
*The disorders of Digestion. 8vo
Travels through Norway
Man's moral nature. An Essay. 8vo
The larv\xe6 of the British Butterflies and Moths. By (the late)
A short history of Natural Science
Monograph of the British Aphides. 4 vols
Aus Natur und Wissenschaft. 8vo
Die Darwin'sche Theorie von der Entstehung und Umwandlung der Lebe-Welt
Conf\xe9rences sur la Th\xe9orie Darwinienne. Traduit...par A
Die Stellung des Menschen in der Natur, &c. 2te Lief. Wer sind wir? 3te Lief. Wohin gehen wir?
in the past, present and future. From the German of Dr L
und Liebes-Leben in der Thierwelt. 8vo
Mind in Animals. Transl. by Annie Besant. 8vo
Studien \xfcber die ersten Entwicklungsvorg\xe4nge der Eizelle...der Infusorien. 4to
A History of the Birds of New Zealand. 4to
Bulletin de la soc. des sci. naturelles
Travels in the Interior of Southern Africa
See Klein (E.). Handbook for the Physiological Laboratory
The Physiology or Mechanism of Blushing. 8vo
See Anales del Museo P\xfablico de Buenos Aires
Beitr\xe4ge zur Naturgeschichte der Rankenf\xfcsser (Cirripedia). 4to
Beitr\xe4ge zur Zoologie
The Organization of Trilobites. Ed. from the German by Th. Bell and Edw
Beitrag zu einer Dogmatik der Religionslosen
Reports on Zoology for 1843, 1844. Transl. from the German by
Evolution, old and new
Agassiz (L.). Lake
The immature state of the Odonata. Part 1.\x97Subfamily Gomphina
Evolution and Man's place in Nature
Studies from the Morphological Laboratory
La scelta sessuale. 8vo
A monograph of the British Phytophagous Hymenoptera
Plans of various Lakes and Rivers between Lake Huron and the River Ottawa
Histoire des sciences et des savants depuis deux si\xe8cles
*Origine des Plantes cultiv\xe9es
Prodromi nunc continuatio
Th\xe9orie \xe9l\xe9mentaire de la Botanique
Prodromus Systematis naturalis Regni Vegetabilis
C...\xc9crits par lui-m\xeame et publi\xe9s par son fils
Origine dell'
Teoria dell'
Teoria di Darwin criticamente esposta. 8vo
Darwinism refuted by researches
Sittlichkeit und Darwinismus. 8vo
Principles of Comparative Physiology
Researches on the Foraminifera. Part 1
Introduction to the study of the Foraminifera. By
The Microscope and its revelations
Principles of Mental Physiology. 8vo
See Jeffreys (G.). The 'Valorous' Expedition
Production et fixation des Vari\xe9t\xe9s dans les v\xe9g\xe9taux
Verzeichniss der Schriften \xfcber Zoologie...1846\x9660
Geschichte der Zoologie bis auf Joh. M\xfcller und Charl
Mollusken und Molluscoiden
Die Urgeschichte der Menschheit
Bibliotheca Historico-Naturalis
Descriptive and illustrated catalogue of the fossil organic remains of Mammalia and Aves contained in the museum
(Geological Society.) Catalogue of the Books and Maps in the Library of the Geological
(Linncan Society.) Catalogue of the Natural History Library of the Linnean Society of London
Society.) Catalogue of the Scientific Books in the Library
Compiled and published by
A descriptive Catalogue of the Rock Specimens
The Antelope and Deer of America. 8vo
Saggio sulla Evoluzione degli Organismi
See Moleschott (Jac.). La circulation de la vie
Celsi Medicinae Libri octo ex recensione Leonardi Targae...concinnavit E
Notes de Botanique exp\xe9rimentale
Gastaldi (B.). Lake Habitations
Ancient Sea-margins. 8vo
Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation
* doIntrod
See Virchow (R.). Cellular Pathology. 8vo
Evolution of Life
Neuralgia and kindred diseases of the Nervous System
Le Pigeon voyageur belge. 8vo
See Magazine of Natural History
Essai sur les Glaciers...du Bassin du Rhone
Lectures on State Medicine. 8vo
The use of the Blowpipe
Memoir of
Fauna und Flora des Golfes von Neapel. 1. Monographie: Ctenophorae. 4to
How crops grow
Mind in Nature. 8vo
their allies
On systematic Botany and Zoology, including a new arrangement of Phanerogamous Plants, &c
Cattle Problems explained. Thirty original Essays
Grundz\xfcge der Zoologie. 2te vermehrte Aufl
Untersuchungen zur Erforsehung der genealogischen Grundlage des Crustaceen-Systems. 4to
Evolution, Expression and Sensation
Adventures in Patagonia. 8vo
Nature versus Natural Selection. 8vo
Cognetti de Martiis (S.). Le Forme primitive. 8vo
See Henfrey (A.). Botanical and Physiological Memoirs
* Bl\xe4tter der Erinnerung zusammengestellt von seiner Gattin Pauline Cohn
Trait\xe9 de Physiologie compar\xe9e des Animaux domestiques
(The Norwegian North-Atlantic
Rambles of a Naturalist on the shores and waters of the China Sea
Waitz (Theodor). Introduction to Anthropology. 8vo
Select Letters of
Report upon Cotton Insects. 8vo
Report of the Entomologist of the U. S. Department of Agriculture for 1879. Author's
Th\xe9orie du Fatalisme
*Conversations on Vegetable Physiology
Outlines of the Geology of England and Wales. By the
Mycographia, seu Icones Fungorum
Cordillera de los Andes
Geognostische Wanderungen
Desert Botanical Laboratory of the Carnegie Institution
What am I?
The Method of Darwin. 8vo
A Grammar and Dictionary of the Malay Language
A descriptive Dictionary of the Indian Islands, &c. 8vo
Rechentafeln welche alles Multipliciren und Dividiren mit Zahlen unter Tausend ganz ersparen.... 4te Stereotyp-Ausgabe. Fol
Climate and Time in their geological relations
Psychic Force and Modern Spiritualism. 8vo
The Wheat Problem. 8vo
A few general remarks on the Vegetation of certain coasts of Terra Australis, &c
The causes of fluctuations in turgescence in the motor organs of Leaves. ii. A new and parasitic species of Choanephora. Fol
Scotch Deer-hounds and their Masters. By G. C. With a biographical sketch of the author, by
The Botanical Magazine
Essay on the Theory of the Earth. With geological illustrations by Professor Jameson
of Anatomy and Physiology
B\xfcchner (L.). Man in the past, present and future
A Natural History of the Animal Kingdom. 8vo
On the Classification...of Crustacea. 4to
Manual of Geology
Dandolo (Count V.). The art of rearing Silk-worms. Transl. from the work of Count Dandolo
(The Norwegian North-Atlantic
Recherches sur la production artificielle des
Extracts from Letters addressed to Professor Henslow by C. Darwin, Esq....printed for distribution among the Members of the Cambridge Philosophical
A Letter...on the Moral State of Tahiti, New Zealand, &c. By Capt
The Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle...1832 to 1836
Erasmus
Mental Evolution in Animals...With a posthumous Essay on Instinct by
Darwinian (The) Theory of the Transmutation of Species examined by a Graduate of the University of Cambridge. 8vo
The rise and influence of Darwinism
A description of active and extinct Volcanos
\xc9tudes...sur le m\xe9tamorphisme et sur la formation des Roches cristallines
An account of the Basalts of Saxony. Translated, with Notes, by
Statistical methods with special reference to Biological Variation
Australian Aborigines. 4to
The Fossil Plants of the Devonian and Upper Silurian Formations of Canada
Tableau des corps organis\xe9s Fossiles
la Beche (H. T.). A selection of the Geological Memoirs contained in the Annales des Mines, &c. Transl. with Notes. 8vo
Researches in theoretical Geology. 8vo
la Cruz y Bahamonde (N.). See Molina
Sobre a existencia do Terreno Siluriano no Baixo Alemtejo. (Com a trad. em francez.) 4to
Ulteriori osservazioni sulla Dicogamia nel regno vegetale
Is Darwin right? 8vo
15th Earl of), K.G. Speeches and Addresses on Political and Social
123\r\n
Du danger des mariages consanguins
A new Pocket-Dictionary of the English and Dutch Languages. Stereotype
Dictionary of the English Language. By Samuel Johnson
Rabenhorst's Pocket Dictionary of the German and English Languages, in 2 Parts. By G
A complete Dictionary of the English and German and German and English Languages
Lexicon Manuale primum a Benjamine Hederico institutum...cura
A new Greek and English Lexicon. By J
Latin Dictionary
Baretti's Dictionary of the Spanish and English Languages
Dictionary...By G. ap Rhys
A Dictionary of Chemistry
A Dictionary of Chemistry. By Henry Watts
Dictionnaire des Sciences naturelles. Par plusieurs Professeurs du Jardin du Roi, &c. Tome 18\xe8me
Dictionnaire...des Termes usit\xe9s dans les Sciences naturelles. Par A.-J.-L
A descriptive Catalogue of recent Shells
Ornamental and Domestic Poultry
The Dovecot and the Aviary. 8vo
The Geology and Fossils of the Tertiary and Cretaceous Formations of Sussex. 4to
Lectures on the germs and vestiges of Disease. 8vo
See British Museum. Catalogue of the Chiroptera in...the B
Die neuere Sch\xf6pfungsgeschichte nach dem gegenw\xe4rtigen Stande der Naturwissenschaften
Ulothrix zonata
Philosophie organique. L'Homme et la Nature
Untersuchungen \xfcber Bau und Entwicklung der Arthropoden
Fauna und Flora des Golfes von Neapel
Principes de G\xe9ologie transformiste
Domestic Medicine. A Hand-book...popularly arranged. By an eminent Physician. [By ?.] 8vo
On the anomalies of Accommodation and Refraction of the Eye. Transl. by Wm
Hortus Cantabrigiensis. By the late
A new Greek and English Lexicon
The Fruits and Fruit Trees of America. 8vo
On the cause, date, and duration of the last Glacial Epoch of Geology
Der Darwinismus und seine Stellung in der Philosophie
Mollusques marins des \xeeles A\xe7ores. 4to
Die Florenreiche der Erde
The Protoplasmic Theory of Life. 8vo
Ged\xe4chtnissrede auf Johannes M\xfcller
M\xe9canisme de la Physionomie humaine. Avec un Atlas
M\xe9moires pour servir \xe0 une description g\xe9ologique de la France. Par M M. Dufr\xe9noy et \xc9lie de Beaumont
P* * * *
The Edinburgh New Dispensatory
Fecundity, fertility, sterility and allied topics
Analogies of Organized Beings. 8vo
Kampf um's Dasein am Himmel
Die Planetenbewohner und die Nebularhypothese
Essais de Physiologie philosophique
Les origines animales de l'Homme
Histoire du Poirier (Pyrus sylvestris)
Histoire du P\xeacher et sa culture
Histoire du Pommier et sa culture
English Folk-Lore
How crops grow
Flora of Middlesex. 8vo
Was ist die italienische Biene?
A treatise on...Tame, Domesticated, and Fancy Pigeons
A treatise on...the Almond Tumbler, 1851
Die gesammte Lehre der Waldstreu mit R\xfccksicht auf die chemische Statik des Waldbaues
Die Anatomie des Frosches. 8vo
Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal
Histoire naturelle des Crustac\xe9s. Tomes 1\x963 accompagn\xe9e de Planches
(A volume of Reprints on Infusoria
Mikrogeologische Studien \xfcber das kleinste Leben der Meeres-Tiefgr\xfcnde aller Zonen, &c
Eichwald (Eduard von). Geognostisch-palaeontologische Bemerkungen \xfcber die Halbinsel Mangischlak, &c
Untersuchungen \xfcber das Var\xfcren der Mauereidechse
The Seal-Islands of Alaska. 4to
Memoir of William Ellis. 8vo
Fauna und Flora des Golfes von Neapel
Prodromus Florae Norfolkicae...1804 et 1805 a F. Bauer collectae et depictae
See Carus
Versuch einer Entwicklungsgeschichte der Pflanzenwelt
Entomological Society of London
Nuove ricerche sulla Placenta nei Pesci cartilaginosi e nei Mammiferi
The Science and Art of Surgery
Beitr\xe4ge zur Zoologie
The Progress of Zoology in 1842
Reports on Zoology for 1843, 1844
Sur la structure et les modes de F\xe9condation des Fleurs. Par
Recent Memoirs on the Cetacea
Beitr\xe4ge zur Gebirgskunde Brasiliens
Des soci\xe9t\xe9s animales. \xc9tude de Psychologie compar\xe9e
The Oneida Community. 8vo
Observations on...Echinodermata. 4to
Osteologia Avium. With Plates
Souvenirs entomologiques
La variabilit\xe9 des Esp\xe8ces et ses limites
Report on the Teak Forests of the Tenasserim Provinces
Memoirs and Notes of the late H
See Saporta (le marquis G. de). Recherches sur les v\xe9g\xe9taux fossiles de
Chapters on Language. 8vo
a Member of the Zoological Soc
The Royal Tiger of Bengal. 8vo
The Student's Guide to Medical Diagnosis
Ferguson's illustrated series of rare and prize Poultry
See Gooch on...Diseases peculiar to Women. 8vo
Le Darwinisme. (Bibl. utile.) 16mo. Paris, n
Origin of Species. A new Theory. 8vo
Die Seelenfortdauer und die Weltstellung des Menschen
Ueber den Einfluss der Str\xf6mungsgeschwindigkeit und Menge des Blutes auf die thierische Verbrennung. (Extr. See Pfl\xfcger, E., Archiv f
in the Nineteenth Century. By Finnish Authors. Illustrated by Finnish Artists
See Gaudry (A.). Animaux fossiles du mont L\xe9beron. 4to
Outlines of Cosmic
Darwinism and other Essays. 8vo
Geological Notice on the new country passed over by Captain Back during his late Expedition
Notes on the progress of Geology in England
Extracts from the Diary of an attempt to ascend the River
A Letter...on the Moral State of Tahiti, New Zealand, &c. By Capt
The Philosophy of Zoology
A History of British Animals. 8vo
The Anthropological Treatises of
Recent Memoirs on the Cetacca by Professors
An introduction to the Osteology of the Mammalia
Catalogue of the Specimens illustrating the Osteology and Dentition of Vertebrated Animals...in the Museum of the R. College of Surgeons of England. Part 1
Recherches sur la F\xe9condation...chez divers Animaux
The life of C
On the Asteriad\xe6 found fossil in British Strata
A Monograph of the British Naked-eyed Medus\xe6
The collected Scientific Papers of...A
Les Fourmis de la Suisse. 4to
Observations made during a Voyage round the World, on Physical Geography, &c. 4to
A synoptical Catalogue of British Birds
22 loose Plates
A course of elementary practical Physiology
Handbook for the Physiological Laboratory
The elements of Embryology. By
The Works of F
*A Text-Book of Physiology
De la F\xe9condation dans les
Observations on Mineral Veins
On the origin of species by means of Organic Affinity
Report of the exploring Expedition to the Rocky Mountains in the Year 1842
The Histology and Histochemistry of
Die Beziehungen der Sonnenflecken zu den magnetischen und meteorologischen Erscheinungen der Erde
Das Christenthum und die moderne Naturwissenschaft
The Narrative of an Explorer in Tropical South Africa
The Art of Travel. 8vo
English Men of Science. 8vo
Inquiries into Human Faculty and its Development. 8vo
See Hermann (D. L.). Elements of Human Physiology
The essentials of Materia Medica and Therapeutics
The collected Scientific Papers of the late
Friedrich v.). Versuche und Beobachtungen \xfcber die Befruchtungsorgane der vollkommeneren Gew\xe4chse
Versuche und Beobachtungen \xfcber die Bastarderzeugung im Pflanzenreich
Lake Habitations...of Northern and Central Italy
Heer (O.). Recherches sur le climat et la v\xe9g\xe9tation du pays tertiaire. 4to
Animaux fossiles du mont L\xe9beron (Vaucluse)...Les Vert\xe9br\xe9s par A. G....Les Invert\xe9br\xe9s
Les encha\xeenements du monde animal dans les temps g\xe9ologiques
The Island of Navassa. Illustrated from Sketches. Obl
Untersuchungen zur vergleichenden Anatomie der Wirbelthiere
Grundz\xfcge der vergleichenden Anatomic
Untersuchungen zur vergleichenden Anatomie der Wirbelthiere. 3tes Heft. Das Kopfskelet der Selachier. 4to
Elements of Comparative Anatomy. Transl. by F. Jeffrey Bell. The Transl. revised...by E
Zur Entwickelungsgeschichte der Menschheit. 8vo
The great Ice Age
Prehistoric Europe. A Geological Sketch. 8vo
See Catalogue of the Books and Maps. 8vo
The Future of Geology. See The Westminster Review, N.S
La fleur et le diagramme des Orchid\xe9es. 4to
Ueber das Aussterben
Histoire naturelle des Mammif\xe8res
A Textbook of Elementary Biology. 8vo
An account of the Eruptions of the Volcano of Penquenes, in the Andes of Chile
The new and complete Pigeon-Fancier
Natural Science
The Poor Law Guardian
Types of Mankind. 8vo
du Cane). Natural History of the Azores
Das Gleichgewicht in der Bewegung
Gooch on some of the most important Diseases peculiar to Women, &c. Prefatory Essay by R
Anatomical and Pathological Observations
Growers' Register...for the year 1862. 12mo
The Life of Philip Henry Gosse, F.R.S. By his son E
A Naturalist's Sojourn in
*The Life of
See Agassiz (L.). Principles of Zo\xf6logy
Investigations in the military and anthropological Statistics of American Soldiers
(Zoology of...H.M.S. Beagle, Part 3.) 4to
An Introduction to the Birds of Australia. 8vo
An Introduction to the Trochili\xe6, or family of Humming-Birds. 8vo
Handbook to the Birds of
An Introduction to the Birds of Great Britain. 8vo
An account of English Ants. 8vo
Tagebuch, gef\xfchrt auf einer Reise nach F\xe4r\xf6 im Jahre 1828
An essay on the study of the Animal Kingdom
Observations on the structure of some Silicious Sponges
Observations on the structure and functions of the Sponge
Observations on the structure and nature of Flustr\xe6
On the structure and characters of the Octopus ventricosus, Gr....from the Firth of Forth
in the young of the Gasteropodous Mollusca, &c
On...Lern\xe6a elongata, Gr....from the Arctic Seas
Notice regarding the Ova of the Pontobdella muricata, Lam
Notice of a new Zoophyte (Cliona celata, Gr.) from the Frith of Forth
Observations on the Spontaneous Motions of the Ova of the Campanularia dichotoma, &c
Outlines of Comparative Anatomy. Parts 1\x964. [Incomplete.] 8vo
De la Physionomie...suivi d'une notice sur sa vie, &c., par Louis Grandeau
The Naturalist's Companion
Recherches...sur le Tradescantia virginica L
Manual of the Botany of the Northern United States
First Lessons in Botany and Vegetable Physiology. 8vo
Botany for Young People. Part 2. How Plants behave. 4to
Natural Science and Religion. Two Lectures. 8vo
*Scientific Papers of Asa Gray. Selected by Charles Sprague
*Letters of Asa
(The Zoology of the voyage of H.M.S
A fasciculus of the Birds of China. 4to. 1871
Anatomy descriptive and surgical
(The Zoology of the voyage of H.M.S
(The Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S
Parts 1-3
British Museum. Catalogue of Marine Polyzoa
Fauna of New Zealand
A manual of the sub-kingdom C\x9clenterata
British Barrows. By W. G. Together with description of Figures of Skulls, &c. by George Rolleston
The Creed of Christendom
Enigmas of Life. 8vo
On Botanical Geography. Transl
Die Vegetation der Erde nach ihrer klimatischen Anordnung
Beitr\xe4ge zur Kenntniss der m\xe4nnlichen Geschlechtsorgane der Dekapoden
See Hewitson (Wm. C.). Descriptions of New Indian Lepidopterous Insects. 4to
The correlation of Physical Forces
The Reptiles of British India
Description of Ceratodus, a genus of Ganoid Fishes
The gigantic Land-Tortoises (living and extinct)
An introduction to the study of Fishes. 8vo
See Hewson (Wm.). The Works of W
On Mr Spencer's Formula of Evolution. 8vo
Principles of Forensic Medicine
Haast (Julius von). Geology of the Provinces of Canterbury and
Die Schutzeinrichtungen in der Keimpflanze. 8vo
Vergleichende Anatomie des assimilatorischen Gewebesystems der Pflanzen
Die Radiolarien (Rhizopoda radiaria). Mit einem Atlas
Zur Entwickelungsgeschichte der Siphonophoren
Eine Monographie in 2 B\xe4nden Text and einem Atlas
Anthropogenie oder Entwickelungsgeschichte des Menschen
The History of Creation.... The Transl. revised by
Studien zur Gastraea-Theorie
Freie Wissenschaft und freie Lehre. 8vo
Das Protistenreich (Darwinistische Schriften
Les preuves du Transformisme. R\xe9ponse \xe0 Virchow. Trad. par Jules Soury
Freedom in Science and Teaching. From the German of E. H. With a Prefatory Note by T
System der Medusen. 1te Theil. Mit einem Atlas
Gesammelte popul\xe4re Vortr\xe4ge aus dem Gebiete der Entwickelungslehre
The Evolution of Man. From the German of Ernst
Monograph of the North
On some insect deformities. (Extr.) 4to
Die Urzelle
Die Meteorite (Chondrite) und ihre Organismen
Die Philosophie des Bewussten
Vegetable Staticks. 8vo
See Pickering (Ch.). The Races of Man
See Atlas. A new general Atlas...New ed., accompanied by an Alphabetical Index. Fol
Contributions \xe0 Phistoire naturelle des Turbellari\xe9s. 4to
See Alder (J.). A Monograph of the British Nudibranchiate Mollusca
On the Organization of the Brachiopoda
Vergleichende Untersuchungen \xfcber Adventivbildungen bei den Pflanzen
The theory of the Arts
A treatise on some of the Insects of New England, which are injurious to Vegetation
A treatise on some of the Insects injurious to Vegetation
Entomological Correspondence of T
Lehrbuch der Baumkrankheiten. 8vo
Wahrheit und Irrthum im Darwinismus
Die geologischen Verh\xe4ltnisse der Inseln Lanzarote und Fuertaventura
Bulletin of the Museum of
Illustrated Catalogue of the Museum of Comparative Zo\xf6logy. [Incomplete. See Authors
Nereis Australis, or Alg\xe6 of the Southern Ocean
The Seaside Book
Das nat\xfcrliche System der
A comparative view of the Human and Animal Frame. Fol
The observations of Sir R. H., Knt., in his voyage into the South Sea...1593. Reprinted from the ed. of 1622
Rough notes taken during some rapid journeys across the Pampas and among the Andes
See Dictionary (Greek). Gr\xe6cum Lexicon Manuale...Ed
Recherches sur le climat et la v\xe9g\xe9tation du pays tertiaire. Par O
Untersuchungen \xfcber das Klima und die Vegetationsverh\xe4ltnisse des Terti\xe4rlandes
Contributions to the Fossil Flora of North Greenland
Die Miocene Flora und Fauna Spitzbergens
Le Monde primitif de la Suisse. Trad. par Isaac Demole
Die vorweltliche Flora der Schweiz
fossilis arctica. Die fossile Flora der Polarl\xe4nde
The geological evidences of Evolution. 8vo
Loi unique et supr\xeame. 1\xe8re Partie. Gen\xe8se terrestre
Popular Lectures on Scientific Subjects
Outlines of structural and physiological Botany
(Hugo von). Principles of the Anatomy...of the Vegetable Cell
Meneghini
Handbuch der Muskellehre des Menschen. 8vo
The elements of Experimental Chemistry
Physiologie der Zeugung. 8vo
A Dictionary of Botanical Terms
Extracts from Letters addressed to Prof
The principles of descriptive and physiological Botany. New ed
Syllabus of Lectures on Botany, with an Appendix. 8vo
The Italian Alp-Bee. 8vo
Elements of Human Physiology. Transl. from the 5th
Bd., ii Theil. See Hensen (V.), Physiologie der Zeugung
Memoir and Correspondence of
A preliminary discourse on the study of Natural Philosophy
A treatise on Astronomy. (Lardner's Cab
Physical Geography from the Encyclop
Descriptions of New Indian Lepidopterous Insects...from the collection of the late Mr
The works of
Glimpses at the Origin, Mission, and Destiny of
The Fern Garden
Die Verbreitung der Coniferen
Die Geschlechter-Vertheilung bei den Pflanzen
The Regions of Vegetation
(Continuation of 'The Farrier and
Final Report on the Geology of Massachusetts
Reise der \xd6sterreichischen
What is Darwinism? 8vo
The Theory of Practice. An Ethical Enquiry
Embryologie von Balanus
Report on the Pycnogonida. (The Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S
Zusammenstellung der im W\xfcrttemberg vorkommenden Sch\xe4delformen. 4to
und Auinger (M.). Die Gasteropoden der Meeresablagerungen der Ersten und Zweiten Mioc\xe4nen Mediterran-Stufe
Ueber die Eigenschaften welche sich bei Menschen und Thieren von den Eltern...vererben...mit Beitr\xe4gen von
Zur Speciesfrage
The life-work of Liebig. (The Faraday Lecture for 1875.) 8vo
On the...Higher Cryptogamia, and...Conifer\xe6
Die Lehre von der Pflanzenzelle. 8vo
Elements of Experimental and Natural Philosophy
Recollections of Past Life. 8vo
Chapters on Mental Physiology. 8vo
Essays on Scientific and other subjects. 8vo
See Gray (H.). Anatomy
Seven years in South Africa
Beitr\xe4ge zur Ornithologie S\xfcdafrikas
On the Vegetation of the Carboniferous Period as compared with that of the present day. ii. On some Peculiarities in the Structure of Stigmaria. iii. Remarks on the Structure and Affinities of some Lepidostrobi
The Botany of the Antarctic Voyage of H.M. discovery Ships Erebus and Terror...1839-43
Illustrations of Himalayan Plants chiefly selected from drawings made for the late
On the Flora of Australia...being an introductory Essay to the Flora of Tasmania
Introductory Essay to the Flora of New Zealand
Journal of a Tour in Marocco and the Great Atlas. By
The British Flora
The British Flora. By Sir
The Coleopterist's Manual, containing the Lamellicorn Insects of Linneus and Fabricius
On the connexion of Geology with Terrestrial Magnetism. 8vo
An abstract of a Memoir on Physical Geology. (For private circ.)
On the occurrence of the Megalichthys in a Bed of Cannel Coal in the West of Fifeshire, &c
An account...of the alluvial land of Egypt. Part 2
Gleanings from the natural history of the Ancients. 8vo
Notre Anc\xeatre
History of the Mongols from the 9th to the 19th Century
Die vorsokratische Naturphilosophie der Griechen und die moderne Wissenschaft
Nouvelles observations sur les Abeilles
Recherches sur les m\x9curs des Fourmis indig\xe8nes
Studien zur Phylogenie des Nervensystems
Huc (\xc9variste R.). Recollections of a Journey through Tartary, Thibet, and China...1844-46. A condensed Transl. by Mrs Percy Sinnett
Political Essay on the Kingdom of New Spain. Transl. from the original French, by
Personal Narrative of Travels to the Equinoctial Regions of the New Continent...1799-1804. By
Essai g\xe9ognostique sur le Gisement des Roches dans les deux h\xe9misph\xe8res
G\xe9ologie et de Climatologie asiatiques
Address...Centennial Anniversary. 8vo
Observations on the Limbs of Vertebrate Animals
Age and changes incidental to it
See Vogt (C.). Lectures
Researches on Light in its chemical relations
The Natural History of the Human Teeth
Physiological Lectures
Memoranda on Vegetation. 4to
The Anthropological Treatises of
Essays and Observations on Natural History, Anatomy, &c.... Arranged and rev. with Notes, &c. by Richard
Dog breaking
The Marriage of near Kin. 8vo
The Lesson of Evolution. 8vo
The Chronology of Creation. 8vo
The Oceanic Hydrozoa
On our knowledge of the causes of the phenomena of Organic Nature. Being six Lectures to Working Men
Evidence as to Man's place in Nature
Lectures on the Elements of Comparative Anatomy. 8vo
An Introduction to the Classification of Animals. 8vo
A Manual of the Anatomy of Vertebrated Animals. 8vo
A Manual of the Anatomy of Invertebrated Animals. 8vo
Freedom in Science and Teaching
The Crayfish. 8vo
Culture and other Essays. 8vo
*A course of practical instruction in Elementary Biology. By T
*A course of elementary instruction in Practical Biology
*See The Quarterly Review
The genesis of the Tertiary Species of Planorbis at Steinheim
A weekly Paper, devoted to Free Religion
Odd Numbers from Vols. 1-4
The Oyster-Industry. [The Fisheries of the United States.] 4to
Botanical Congress, held in London, from May 22nd to May 31st, 1866
Beitr\xe4ge zur Biologie und Morphologie der Orchideen. 4to
Vegetable Technology....Founded upon the Collections of G
Die Darwin'sche Theorie und ihre Stellung zu Moral und Religion
Sachen Darwin's insbesondere contra Wigand. 8vo
Du Darwinisme ou l'Homme-singe
A treatise on the external...characters of Minerals
Manual of Mineralogy. 8vo
(L. von)
Essay on the Theory of the Earth
Agassiz (L.). Bibliographia Zoologi\xe6 et Geologi\xe6
Anthropologia: or, dissertations on the form and colour of Man. 4to
The 'Valorous' Expedition. Reports by
A systematic Catalogue of British Vertebrate Animals
Part 4.) 4to
The Natural History of Selborne
Observations in Meteorology. 8vo
Memoir of the Rev. John Stevens Henslow. 8vo
Elementary Lessons in Logic
British Poisonous Plants
The Botany of the Eastern Borders
Civil Service Guide
The Naturalist in Bermuda
Journal of Horticulture. Apr. 1861\x97Feb. 1866 [some Nos. missing]. 4to
Journal of a Horticultural Tour through some parts of Flanders... 1817. By a Deputation of the Caledonian Horticultural
Journal of Travel and Natural History
Gen\xe8se selon la Science
A voyage to South America...undertaken...by
Volcanoes, what they are and what they teach
The Student's Manual of Geology
Natural Laws; or the Infallible Criterion. 8vo
A treatise on Mechanics
Sketch of the life of James Keir, Esq., F.R.S
Die Cultur der Alpenpflanzen
their unbidden guests. The transl
Committee on Botanical Work. Report, and Minutes of Evidence...dated 11th
See Retzius (G.). Q. 3\r\n
Keyserling (Alexander Graf von). Wissenschaftliche Beobachtungen auf einer Reise in das Petschora-Land im Jahre 1843
Geognostisch-Geographische Uebersicht des Petschora Landes. 1846. 2. Karte der Fl\xfcsse Petschora, &c. 1846
Sur la formation...des Cellules
The Canary. Cheap
Some Observations upon the Geography of the Southern Extremity of South
Description of the Cirrhipedia, Conchifera and Mollusca in a collection formed...1826-1830 in surveying the Southern Coasts of South America, &c
Monographia Apum Angli\xe6
An introduction to Entomology
Das Ganze der Landwirthschaft. Hrsg
Flora von Stuttgart und Umgebung. 8vo
Baly (Wm.). Recent advances in the Physiology of Motion
Handbook for the Physiological Laboratory. By
The Anatomy of the Lymphatic System. 1. The Serous Membranes. 2. The Lungs. 4to
Grundz\xfcge der Mineralogie
Anaton isch-systematische Beschreibung der Alcyonarien. 1te Abt
Vorl\xe4ufige Nachricht von einigen das Geschlecht der Pflanzen betreffenden Versuchen
Thierseele und Menschengeist. 8vo
Leitfaden der praktischen
Recherches sur les Crino\xefdes du terrain carbonif\xe8re de la Belgique
Monographie der Gattung Anthracotherium Cuv
Erasmus Darwin und seine Stellung in der Geschichte der Descendenz-Theorie
M\xfcller von Lippstadt. Ein Gedenkblatt. 8vo
Geographische Ortsbestimmungen. See Keyserling (A. Graf von)
Die Bedeutung des Anpassungsgesetzes f\xfcr die Therapie. (Darwinistische Schriften
Untersuchungen \xfcber das Protoplasma und die
Die Descendenzlehre und der neue Glaube
Handbuch der Toxikologie
Methodik der Speciesbeschreibung und Rubus. 4to
Um die Erde. 8vo
Untersuchungen \xfcber die Bedeutung der Nektarien in den Blumen
See Munk (H.). Die elektrischen und Bewegungs-Erscheinungen am Blatte der Dionaea muscipula
Relation du voyage \xe0 la recherche de la
Cte de). Histoire naturelle des C\xe9tac\xe9es. 2 tomes
Darwinism refuted. 8vo
See Wagner (Moritz). The Darwinian Theory, &c
Histoire naturelle des Animaux sans vert\xe8bres. tomes 1-7
Philosophie zoologique
Le syst\xe8me du Monde moral
Lambertye (Le Comte L\xe9once de). Le Fraisier
Seasons with the Sea-Horses
L' Universo l' Astro e l'
See Foster (M.). A course of elementary practical Physiology
See Ray (John). Memorials of
The Natural History of Dee Side and Braemar
On comparative longevity in man and the lower animals. 8vo
A treatise on Mechanics
The Harveian Oration...Oct
Man and his migrations. 8vo
Histoire naturelle des Fourmis, &c. 8vo
R\xe8gne animal
Science et Philosophie
probl\xe8mes de la Nature
and Chemical results of experiments on the mixed herbage of permanent meadow. Part 1
Lectures on Physiology, Zoology, and the
Lists of Seeds, Plants
The Conference of Monsieur Le Brun...upon Expression. Transl. from the French
Elements of Acoustics, Light, and Heat
L'Homme fossile en Europe
Koninck (L
The Ancient Fauna of Nebraska
Contributions to the Extinct Vertebrate Fauna of the Western Territories
The Lichen-Flora of Great Britain, Ireland and the Channel Islands
De la Physionomie et de la Parole
Recherches sur les Oiseaux fossiles des terrains tertiaires inf\xe9rieurs des environs de Reims
Lepelletier de la Sarthe (A.). Trait\xe9 complet de Physiognomonie
Report on the Fossil Plants of the auriferous gravel deposits of the Sierra Nevada
Physiologie des Passions
The Physiology of Common Life
The History of Philosophy
The Physical Basis of Mind. 8vo
Escursion a las Pampas Arjentinas...Febrero de 1871. 8vo
A journey from Sydney to the Australian Alps
Organic Chemistry in its applications to Agriculture
The Life-work of Liebig. 8vo
Recent Memoirs on the Cetacea
Vegetative Bastarderzeugung durch Impfung
Hortus Cantabrigiensis
A Natural System of Botany
Botany and Vegetable Physiology
An introduction to the study of Zoology. 8vo
Die Urwelt und das Alterthum, erl\xe4utert durch die Naturkunde
The Progress of Physiological Botany in 1841
Report on Botany. Transl
Philosophia Botanica
Doctoris medicin\xe6, Systema Natur\xe6. A facsimile of the first edition (Leyden, 1735) published by the R. Swedish Academy
quae ipsa est recognitionis a b. Io
*A general view of the writings of Linn\xe6us, by Richard Pulteney
*Linn\xe9portr\xe4tt vid Uppsala universitets minnefest p\xe5 tv\xe5hundra\xe5rsdagen af Carl von Linn\xe9s f\xf6delse: af Tycho Tullberg. 4to
Catalogue of the Natural History Library
Journal of the Proceedings. Botany
General Index to vols
See Wiesner und seine Schule
See Wiesner und seine Schule
Die Religionen der Europ\xe4ischen Culturv\xf6lker...in ihrem geschichtlichen Ursprunge
Observations in Husbandry
\xc9tudes sur les variations malacologiques...du bassin du Rhone
Consid\xe9rations sur les C\xe9r\xe9ales
\xc9tudes sur les \xc9chino\xefd\xe9es. Texte avec Planches
On the Domesticated Animals of the British Islands
The anatomy and physiology of the Blow-fly
The Philosophy of Evolution. 8vo
See Royal Society of London. The Philosophical Transactions and Collections to the end of the year 1700. Abridg'd. In three vols. 4to
An account of the two methods of Reproduction
On the Ova and Pseudova of Insects. (Extr.) 4to
Pre-Historic Times, as illustrated by ancient remains, &c. 8vo
The Primitive Inhabitants of Scandinavia
The Origin of Civilisation, &c. 8vo
Monograph of the Collembola and Thysanura
On the origin and metamorphoses of Insects
and Intelligence of Animals. 8vo
Zur Statik und Mechanik der Quadrupeden (Felis und Lemur). (Herrn Geh
Fuchs-Affe und das Faulthier...in ihrem Knocken- und Muskelskelet. (Herrn Geh
Steenstrup
Die Hundezucht im Lichte der Darwin'schen Theorie
Principles of Geology. 3
On the Cretaceous and Tertiary Strata of the Danish Islands of Seeland and M\xf6en
Elements of Geology. 12mo
Travels in North America; &c
A second visit to the United States of North
A Manual of Elementary Geology
Supplement to the 5th
"Elements of
The Geological Evidences of the Antiquity of
The Student's Elements of Geology. 8vo
Supplement to
Astrophytid\xe6 (of the Hassler Expedition). (Extr.) 4to
Homo versus Darwin. 8vo
The Botanical Atlas. Part 1. 4to
Vivisection...Prize Essays
Indian Cyprinid\xe6.
The voyage of the 'Fox' in the Arctic Seas. A Narrative of the discovery of the fate of Sir
A Geological Classification of Rocks. 8vo
A History of British Birds
The Natural History of Dee Side
The History of England
Dissertation on the progress of Ethical Philosophy...With a Preface by the Rev. Wm
A Monograph of the British Annelids. Part 1. The Nemerteans
A critical examination of some of the principal arguments for and against Darwinism
Some chemical difficulties of Evolution. 8vo
Primitive Marriage. 8vo
Studies in Ancient History comprising a reprint of 'Primitive Marriage,'
Outlines of Classification of Plants. 8vo
Facult\xe9s int\xe9rieures des Animaux invert\xe9br\xe9s. 8vo
Magazine of Natural History, and Journal of Zoology, &c. Conducted by
Magazine of Natural History. Conducted by Edward Charlesworth
Magazine of Zoology and Botany
Telliamed: or discourses...on the diminution of the Sea...Transl. from the French
Columbus (Chr.). Select Letters
Introduction to the study of Sign Language among the North American Indians. 4to
A collection of Gesture-signs and Signals of the North American Indians
Sign Language among North American Indians compared with that among other peoples and deaf-mutes
Anatome Plantarum. Cui subjungitur Appendix... de Ovo incubato observationes continens
An Essay on the principle of Population
Rio de la Plata e Tenerife
Fisiologia del Piacere
Il terzo molare nelle razze umane. 8vo
Fisonomia e Mimica. 8vo
physionomie et l'expression des sentiments. 8vo
Map of the United States. 1870
Map of the States of Kansas and Texas and Indian Territory
Territory of the United States from the Mississippi River to the Pacific Ocean....By Edw
Map of the Silurian Region
Physiologie du mouvement
*Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom
Saporta (Le comte G. de). Recherches sur les v\xe9g\xe9taux fossiles de
Saporta (Le comte G. de). R\xe9vision de la Flore Heersienne de Gelinden
The Frog: an Introduction to Anatomy and Histology
Minutes of Agriculture, made on a Farm...near Croydon, Surry, &c. 4to
(?). A review of the Reports to the Board of Agriculture; from the Northern Department of
A Phrenologist amongst the Todas
A course of elementary instruction
The history of the Dog
The history of the Horse. 8vo
Philosophie zoologique
The Anthropological Treatises of
Selbstmord als sociale Massenerscheinung der modernen Civilisation
Tables requisite to be used with the Nautical Ephemeris
The Flora of Algeria. 8vo
Linn\xe6us (Carl). A general view of the writings of Linn\xe6us, by R
Betrachtungen \xfcber Wirbelthiere, deren Seelenleben und die Stellung derselben zum Menschen
On Naval Timber and Arboriculture. 8vo
The Physiology and Pathology of Mind
The Physiology of Mind. 8vo
See Burmeister (H.). Histoire de la Cr\xe9ation
Journal of a Tour
Travels in the gold and diamond districts of Brazil
Gen\xe8se des soci\xe9t\xe9s modernes
A Manual of the Geology of India
The native Flowers and Ferns of the United States
Meetkerke (C. E.). The Guests of Flowers. 8vo
Hints and facts on the Origin of
M\xe9moires (Nouveaux) de la soc. imp. des naturalistes de Moscou
Memoirs of the Geological Survey of Great Britain, and of the Museum of Economic Geology in London
Memorie della reale accademia delle scienze di Torino
See Henfrey (A.). Botanical and Physiological Memoirs
A review of the Birds of Connecticut
Die Getreidearten und
Outlines of the Geography of Plants. Transl. by Margaret Johnson
Versuch einer vollst\xe4ndigen Naturgeschichte der Hausthiere, im Grundrisse
Conjectures concerning the cause...of Earthquakes. 4to
Travels in Chile and La
Foot-prints of the Creator. 8vo
The Gardener's Dictionary. Abridged
Elements of Chemistry. Part
Introduction \xe0 la Zoologie g\xe9n\xe9rale. 1\xe8re Partie
A descriptive Atlas of Astronomy, and of physical and political Geography.... The Maps by Augustus Petermann. 4to
*Minnesota Botanical Studies
Disquisitio geographico-botanica de Plantarum Regni Batavi distributione
Researches upon the venom of the Rattlesnake. 4to
On the Appendicular Skeleton of the Primates
On the Genesis of Species. 8vo
Lessons in Elementary Anatomy. 8vo
Life and Letters of
Harvesting Ants and Trap-door Spiders
Supplement...with specific descriptions of the Spiders, by the Rev
Ueber den Bau und das Winden der Ranken und Schlingpflanzen
*Vermischte Schriften botanischen Inhalts
Principles of the Anatomy and Physiology of the Vegetable Cell
Die Dolomit-Riffe von S\xfcdtirol und Venetien
Die Mollusken-Faunen der Zlambach-
Ueber die triadischen Pelecypoden-Gattungen Daonella und Halobia
La circulation de la vie... Trad. par E
Kreislauf des Lebens
della luce mista e cromatica
Compendio de la Historia Geografica...del Reyno de Chile, escrito en Italiano. 1a Parte... Trad
Compendio de la Historia civil del Reyno de Chile...Parte segunda. Trad. al Espa\xf1ol...por Nicolas de la Cruz y Bahamonde. 4to
See Wiesner und seine Schule
La connaissance g\xe9n\xe9rale du B\x9cuf...Publi\xe9e...sous la direction de L. Moll et Eug. Gayot. Avec un
M\xe9moires sur les Cestodes. 1\xe8re Partie
Contributions towards a Cybele Hibernica
Descriptions of New Indian Lepidopterous Insects...Rhopalocera
The first Man and his place in Creation
Columbarium: or the Pigeon-house. 8vo. London, 1735. [Included with
The Book of the foundation of St Bartholomew's Church in London....Ed. from the original Manuscript
*The distribution and duration of Visceral new Growths. 8vo
*Pathological Anatomy of Diseases. (Student's Guide Series.) 8vo
*The Harveian Oration delivered...Oct
*History of Medicine in Ireland. See Saint Bartholomew's Hospital
See Moore (D.). Contributions towards a Cybele Hibernica
Letters of
The American Beaver and his works
Systems of Consanguinity and Affinity of the Human Family. 4to
See Actes du Congr\xe8s de botanique horticole
A Catalogue of British Fossils
Types of Mankind. Illustrated by selections from the inedited Papers of S
On the structure and development of Peripatus capensis
Notes by a Naturalist on the "Challenger" ...1872\x9676
Ueber den Kreislauf des Blutes im menschlichen Gebirn
Etude psycho-physiologique
A practical treatise on breeding...Poultry, Pigeons, and Rabbits
Ueber die erste Entstehung organischer Wesen und deren Spaltung
*Select extra tropical Plants...for...Naturalisation
Reise der \xf6sterreichischen
Die Befruchtung der Blumen durch Insekten und die gegenseitigen Anpassungen beider
ihre Befruchtung durch Insekten und ihre Anpassungen an dieselben
Hermann M\xfcller von Lippstadt. 8vo
Elements of Physiology. Transl. by Wm
Elements of Physiology. Suppl. to the 2nd vol
Ueber die Gattungen der Seeigellarven. 4to
Die elektrischen und Bewegungs-Erscheinungen am Blatte der Dionaea muscipula
The Silurian Region and adjacent Counties of England and Wales Geologically Illustrated...during the years
On the Silurian System of Rocks
The Silurian System. In two Parts. (3 vols.) 4to
The Silurian System
Intelligence
Plans of...Lakes and Rivers. 4to
The geographical distribution of Mammals. 4to
An English Grammar
Museum of Practical Geology, &c. Records of the School of Mines
On vegetable cells. Transl
und Carl
*Mechanisch-physiologische Theorie der Abstammungslehre
Die niederen Pilze in ihren Beziehungen zu den Infectionskrankheiten und der Gesundheitspflege
Fauna und Flora des Golfes von Neapel
Oregon: there and back in 1877. 8vo
Vorstudien f\xfcr Geschichte und Zucht der Hausthiere zun\xe4chst am Schweinesch\xe4del. Mit cinem Atlas
Vortr\xe4ge \xfcber Viehzucht und Rassenkenntniss
Natural History
Natural History Review
Natural Science, Religious Creeds, &c. By the Author of 'The Divine Footsteps in Human History.'
See Journal of a Horticultural Tour through...Flanders
On the Geology of the Bermudas. See Trans
Baretti's Dictionary of the Spanish and English Languages
Die Congerein- und Paludinenschichten Slavoniens und deren Faunen
Zur Kenntniss der Fauna des untersten Lias in den Nordalpen
Das Ganze der Taubenzucht
and the Old Faith. By a Scientific Layman
18th Report of the Commissioners of Fisheries of the State of New York...Feb
The structure and relations of Dinichthys, &c
Outlines of Lessons in Botany 2 Parts. 8vo
(Manuals of Element
Indian Snakes. An elementary treatise on Ophiology
*Niemeyer (Felix von). A Text-book of practical Medicine. Transl. from the 8th
The Primitive Inhabitants of Scandinavia
from the German
Die Welt als Entwicklung des Geistes
Ursprung der Sprache. 8vo
Das Werkzeug und seine Bedeutung f\xfcr die Entwickelungsgeschichte der Menschheit
The Voyage of the Vega. Transl
Bowerbank (J. S.)
Philosophical Discussions. 8vo
Types of Mankind. 8vo
L'Embryologie de Mysis Chameleo
Amp\xe9lographie universelle ou
Pflanzenphysiologische Versuche. 8vo
Observations on the opposable Power of the Thumb in certain Mammals, &c
The Harveian Oration, 1880. 8vo
Flowers and their unbidden guests
Elementary Botany
The Refutation of Darwinism. 8vo
Annual Report of the Commissioner of Agriculture, &c....for 1872. 8vo
On the Classification of Languages. 8vo
On the influence of Colloids upon crystalline form and cohesion
Histoire naturelle des Volcans. 8vo
Astronomy and Geology compared. 8vo
The Andes and the Amazon
The Horsebreeders'
Our Blood Relations; or, the Darwinian Theory. 8vo
Outlines of History. (Lardner's Cab
A voyage to Suratt, in the year 1689, &c
pseud. The Fair Haven. By the late
Fossil Mammalia (Zoology of...H.M.S
Description of the Skeleton of an extinct gigantic Sloth, Mylodon robustus
Description of certain Fossil Crania, discovered by
A history of British Fossil Mammals, and Birds
The nature of Limbs. 8vo
Lectures on the Comparative Anatomy and Physiology of the Invertebrate Animals
Essays and Observations on Natural History
On the Anatomy of the Vertebrates. 3
Authors and Publishers.
A Guide to the Study of Insects
United States Entomological Commission
Insects injurious to Forest and Shade
Lectures on Surgical Pathology
Ueber das Winden der Pflanzen
H canto degli Uccelli. 8vo
The elements of Medical Chemistry. 8vo
Parish (Sir Woodbine). Account of a Voyage to explore the River Negro [in 1782\x9683, by Don Basilio Villarino]
On the Southern Affluents of the River Amazons...communicated by
A Monograph on the Structure and Development of the Shoulder-girdle and Sternum in the Vertebrata
A manual of practical Hygiene
An introduction to the study of Fossil Organic Remains
Recherches sur le r\xf4le de la Lumi\xe8re dans la Germination
On the instincts and habits of the solitary Wasps
History of Quadrupeds
Publications of the University. Contributions from the Botanical Laboratory
On the General Outline and Physical Configuration of the Bolivian Andes
Les colonies animales et la formation des organismes
Linn\xe6us (C.). Systema Vegetabilium
See Milner (Rev. Th.). A descriptive Atlas of Astronomy, &c. 4to
On the physiology of Wings
The Physiology of the Circulation. 8vo
Ueber die physiologische Verbrennung in den lebendigen Organismen
The Rivers, Mountains and Sea-Coast of Yorkshire
Life on the Earth. 8vo
Geology of Oxford and the Valley of the Thames
An elementary introduction to...Mineralogy
A candid examination of Theism
Supplement to 'Harvesting Ants,'
The Races of Man. New ed. (Bohn's illustr
Wissenschaftliches System der Mimik und Physiognomik
Ganze der Feld- und Hoftaubenzucht
Galerie des Naturalistes
Seele und Geist. 8vo
Wahrheit und Flachheit des Darwinismus
Illustrations of the Huttonian Theory. 8vo
See Liebig (Justus). Organic chemistry. 8vo
V\xf6gel und Amphibien nach ihrer geographischen Verbreitung tabellarisch zusammengestellt. 4to
A Theory of Population, deduced from the General Law of Animal Fertility
Errori e delirii del Darwinismo. 8vo
See Wiesner und seine Schule
The historical method in Ethics, Jurisprudence, and Political
The Plurality of the Human Race
B.) on Huxley
The Phytogeography of Nebraska. i. General Survey
Deep-Sea Corals. (Extr.) 4to
Introduction to the study of Indian Languages
Naturwissenschaftliche Thatsachen und Probleme
Die Seele des Kindes. 8vo
Researches into the Physical History of
Principles of Organic Life. 8vo
Pleasant ways in Science. 8vo
Psychological Inquiries: in a series of Essays. (By Sir Benj
Public Libraries in the United States of America. Special Report
A general view of the writings of Linn\xe6us
Note alla Teoria Darwiniana. 8vo
\xc9tudes sur les maladies actuelles du Ver \xe0 soie
Nouvelles Recherches faites en 1859 sur les maladies actuelles du Ver \xe0 soie. 4to
et ses pr\xe9curseurs fran\xe7ais
A la M\xe9moire
Rabbit-Book (The) for the many. 8vo
Dictionary (German). 24mo
Dynamics of Nerve and Muscle
Weltgesetze in der Erdgeschichte. 3 Bde. 8vo
The Philosophy of War. 8vo
A descriptive Catalogue of the Rock Specimens in the Museum of Practical Geology
The Physical Geology and Geography of Great Britain. 8vo
Manuel de l'histoire naturelle des Mollusques et leurs coquilles. 12mo
Grundz\xfcge der Physiologie des Menschen
The Wisdom of God manifested in the Works of the Creation
Memorials of
Chemical Denudation in relation to Geological Time. 8vo
The Martyrdom of Man. 8vo
The African Sketch-Book
Record of Zoological Literature
Der Ursprung der moralischen Empfindungen. 8vo
The land and freshwater Mollusks indigenous to, or naturalized in, the British Isles
Die Nester und Eier
See Natural Science, Religious Creeds
Recent Memoirs on the Cetacea
Untersuchungen \xfcber die Quellung einiger vegetabilischer Substanzen
Cr\xe9ation naturelle et les \xeatres vivants
Reports on the Progress of Zoology and
Reports on Zoology for 1843\x9644. Transl. from the German by
Geh\xf6rlabyrinth der Knochenfische. 4to
Studien in der Anatomie des Nervensystems und des Bindegewebes
Mythologie compar\xe9e
Noticia de algumas esta\xe7\xf5es e monumentos prehistoricos. (Com a traduc\xe7\xe3o em francez.) 4to
From the French of Th
On Aplodontia...constituted for the reception of the Sewellel, a burrowing animal, &c
Zoological Remarks. ["North of the great Canada lakes."] 8vo
Remarks on the Climate, &c....of the Hudson's Bay Countries
Report on North American Zoology
(The Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S
Essai de Psychologie g\xe9n\xe9rale
Die vorz\xfcglichst bekannten Feinde der Tauben
3rd to 9th Annual Reports on the noxious, beneficial, and other Insects of the
The Locust Plague in the United States
Report of the Entomologist (Dept. of Agriculture). Author's ed
Entomological Commission
United States Entomological Commission
Loss of the American Brig Commerce...Aug. 1815. 4to
Z\xfcchtung auf dem Gebiete der landwirthschaftlichen
The Creation
Memoria sobre el rico mineral de Pasco
The Miniature Fruit Garden
Topography and Natural History of Lofthouse and its neighbourhood
Flora of the Galapagos Islands
Lethaea geognostica...Hrsg. von einer Vereinigung von Pal\xe4ontologen. 1. Th. Lethaea palaeozoica
Forms of Animal Life
British Barrows. 8vo
Biologische Probleme, zugleich als Versuch einer Rationellen Ethik
Observations on the Locomotor system of Echinodermata. By G
Mental Evolution in Animals...With a posthumous Essay on Instinct, by Charles Darwin
A candid examination of Theism. By Physicus
Mikroskopische Physiographie der massigen Gesteine. 8vo
The Graft Theory of Disease. 8vo
Darwinisme et les g\xe9n\xe9rations spontan\xe9es
Der Kampf der Theile im Organismus
17\x9624. General Index to the second ten volumes
Royal Society of London. Catalogue of Scientific Papers (1800\x9683). 12 vols. 4to
*Obituary Notices. (With Index to previous Obituary
*Reports of the Commission appointed...for the investigation of Mediterranean Fever
*Reports to the Evolution
*Reports to the Malaria Committee. 1\x968 Series. 8vo
*Reports of the Sleeping Sickness Commission
The Philosophical Transactions and Collections, to the end of the year 1700. Abridg'd, &c. In 3 vols
Beytr\xe4ge zur Anthropologie und allgemeinen Naturgeschichte
Beitr\xe4ge zur Kenntniss der fossilen Pferde, &c
Die Fauna der Pfahlbauten der Schweiz. 4to
\xc9tudes sur le C\x9cur et la Circulation centrale dans la s\xe9rie
Lehrbuch der Botanik nach dem gegenw\xe4rtigen Stand der
M\xe9moire sur les Cucurbitac\xe9es
*Saint Bartholomew's Hospital Reports
Le\xe7ons de Botanique
Voyage aux sources du Rio de
Principes de Philosophie zoologique
Essais de Zoologie g\xe9n\xe9rale (et Planches)
Histoire naturelle g\xe9n\xe9rale des r\xe8gnes organiques. 3 tomes. 8vo
A tour in Sutherlandshire
*Sketches of the Wild Sports and Natural History of the Highlands. Illustr
A descriptive
The Chrysanthemum. 8vo
The Entomologist's Useful Compendium. 8vo
Sur le nouveau groupe pal\xe9ozo\xefque des Dol\xe9rophyll\xe9es
R\xe9vision de la Flore Heersienne de Gelinden....Par le comte
Observations sur la nature des v\xe9g\xe9taux r\xe9unis dans le groupe des Noeggerathia
Le Monde des Plantes avant l'apparition de l'homme
Scientific Papers of A
Viage al estrecho de Magallanes. Por el Capitan
Sartorius von Waltershausen (W.). Untersuchungen \xfcber die Klimate der Gegenwart und der Vorwelt
The Religion of Evolution. 8vo
Ueber den Zustand der wilden V\xf6lker. (Archiv f\xfcr Anthropologie
The Microscope
und Teneriffe mit ihrer Vegetation. 8vo
Aus dem Natur- und V\xf6lkerleben im tropischen Amerika
Reise der \xf6sterr
Province de Smyrne. Trad. de l'allemand par
Le\xe7ons sur la physiologie de la Digestion...R\xe9dig\xe9es par \xc9
Essay on the Physiognomy of Serpents. Transl. by
Darwinism tested by the Science of Language
Die Darwin'schen Theorien und ihre Stellung zur Philosophie
Descendenzlehre und Darwinismus. 8vo
The doctrine of Descent and Darwinism. 8vo
Der thierische Wille. 8vo
School of Mines. See Museum of Practical Geology, &c
Die Pflanzenwelt Norwegens. 4to
Kant und
Die Sprache des Kindes. (Darwinistische Schriften
Nine Plates of Photographs.\x97Facial Expression
See Weisbach (A.). Reise der \xf6sterr
Observations on...Silicious Sponges
An account of the Arctic Regions
Report on the experimental culture of the Opium Poppy...for the season ending 15th
For the season ending 31st
For the season 1877\x9678. Fol
Manual of Opium Husbandry. 8vo
The Deaf and Dumb
Considerations on Volcanos. 8vo
The Character of their Phenomena, &c. 8vo
Specific Diagnosis. 8vo
Historical sketch of the generic names proposed for Butterflies
Woodwardian Prof. A discourse on the Studies of the University of Cambridge
Geology of the Lake District of Cumberland, Westmorland and Lancashire
Index to the fossil remains of Aves, &c
Supplement to the Memorial of the Trustees of Cowgill Chapel
See Cambridge
Index to the fossil remains of Aves, Ornithosauria, and Reptilia, from the Secondary System of Strata... With a Prefatory Notice by the Rev
Flora Vitiensis. (Fiji Islands.) 4to
Ricerche paleontologiche intorno ai Cirripedi terziarii della Provincia di Messina
Die Darwin'sche Theorie. Elf Vorlesungen
Beitr\xe4ge zur Descendenz-Theorie. 8vo
Die Palau-Inseln im stillen Ocean. 8vo
Die Verwandtschaftsbeziehungen der gegliederten Thiere
The natural conditions of existence as they affect Animal Life
Elements of Materia Medica and Therapeutics
3rd Earl of). Characteristicks of Men, Manners, Opinions, Times. 3 vols
Man a special creation
Improvement of the Cereals and an Essay on the Wheat-Fly
Essay on the indigenous fossorial Hymenoptera
The Methods of Ethics. 8vo
A Supplement to the first edition of the Methods of Ethics. 8vo
See Youatt (Wm.). The Pig. 8vo
The Progress of Zoology in 1842
Reports on Zoology for 1843, 1844
On a true parthenogenesis in Moths and Bees
Beitr\xe4ge zur Parthenogenesis der Arthropoden. 8vo
Das Alter des Menschengeschlechts
See Scherzer (C. de). La Province de Smyrne
Akademie der Wissenschaften. Mathematisch-Naturwissenschaftliche Classe
The Physical System of the Universe
Sketch (A) of a Philosophy. Part 2. Matter and Molecular Morphology
The Philosophy of Natural History. 4to
The Philosophy of Morals
Illustrations of the Zoology of South Africa
Naturalist's Library
The Natural History of the Human Species. 8vo
See British Museum. Catalogue of British Hymenoptera
James E.). A Grammar of Botany. 8vo
The Ventriculid\xe6 of the Chalk
Die Sch\xf6pfung des Menschen. 8vo
Solis y Rivadeneyra (Antonio de). Historia de la Conquista de Mexico. 4to
Fauna und Flora des Golfes von Neapel
On the connexion of the Physical Sciences
On molecular and microscopic Science
Notice biographique
See Haeckel (E.). Les preuves du Transformisme
British Poisonous Plants
See Kirby (Rev
The Principles of Psychology. 8vo
The Classification of the Sciences
Classified and arranged
Grundlagen der Philosophie. Autorisirte deutsche Ausg....von B
The Principles of Sociology
The Study of Sociology
*The Factors of Organic Evolution
Spiritual Evolution. An Essay on Spiritual Evolution...By
Das entdeckte Geheimniss der Natur im Bau und in der Befruchtung der
Die Fortschritte des Darwinismus
et Lacordaire (Th.). See Siebold (C. Th
A manual of the diseases of the Skin
A manual of British Butterflies and Moths
See Buckler (Wm.). The larv\xe6 of the British Butterflies and Moths
See Siebold (C. Th
On the alternation of Generations. Transl....by G
Hectocotyldannelsen hos Octopodsl\xe6gterne Argonauta og Tremoctopus
Bidrag til Kundskab om det aabne Havs Snyltekrebs og Lern\xe6er samt om...parasitiske Copepoder
Illustrations of British Entomology....Haustellata. 4 vols. (Bd
A systematic catalogue of British Insects. 2 Parts
*A Manual of British Coleoptera, or Beetles. 8vo
pseud, = Ernst Krause. Werden und Vergehen
See Cupples (G.). Scotch Deer-hounds....Biographical Sketch of the author by
= John Henry Walsh
Zellbildung und Zelltheilung
*Ueber Kern- und Zelltheilung im Pflanzenreiche, &c
*Ueber das Wachsthum vegetabilischer Zellh\xe4ute
Der alte und der neue Glaube
Handbuch der Lehre von den Geweben des Menschen und der Thiere
See Agassiz (L.). Bibliographia Zoologi\xe6
Memoir on the Anatomy of the Humpback Whale, Megaptera longimana
Physical description of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land
Ueber Ra\xe7en...der landwirthschaftlichen Hausthiere. Hrsg
Supernatural Religion
With an apology for Scepticism
A treatise on the Geography and Classification of Animals
Statistics of the Iron and Steel Production of the United States
Narrative of the North China Campaign of 1860. 8vo
Notes on the Island of Formosa. [Extracts from various Periodicals.] 8vo
A Catalogue of the Mammalia observed in Dukhun, East Indies
See Werner's Nomenclature of Colours
Two Kinds of Truth. 8vo
Christianity: what is it? and what has it done?
The Morality of Nations. 8vo
Flowers; their origin, &c. 8vo
Scientific Memoirs, selected from the Transactions of Foreign Academies of Science
Dangers to Health. 8vo
Profitable Poultry
The Poultry Book: including Pigeons and Rabbits (by Harrison Weir)
The Poultry Book. 4to
Pheasants for Coverts and Aviaries. 4to
The Natural History of the Cranes
Synopsis of the Acrididae of North America. [U.S. Geological Survey.] 4to
United States Entomological Commission
A new...Ready Reckoner. 8vo
The Natural History of Ireland
Handy Book of the Flower-Garden
The Science of Life. 8vo
*The Study of Animal Life. 8vo
On European Spiders. Part 1
Remarks on Synonyms of European Spiders
Thoughts on the Mental Functions
Trait\xe9 de Botanique
Trait\xe9 de Botanique
Ueber die Devonischen Schichten von
Essay on the Theory of Darwin
Cyclop\xe6dia (The) of Anatomy and Physiology
Kurzes Handbuch der Kohlenhydrate
(The Norwegian North-Atlantic
See Gaudry (A.). Animaux fossiles du mont L\xe9beron. 4to
Flora of Middlesex
Reports on Zoology for 1843\x9644
The Progress of Zoology in 1842
Tschudi (Friedrich von). Sketches of Nature in the Alps. From the German
See Wagner (R.). Elements of the comparative anatomy of the Vertebrate Animals
Lectures on Surgical Pathology
British Fauna...arranged according to the Linnean System
The origin and antiquity of Physical Man scientifically considered
Science for the People. 8vo
*Two Kinds of Truth
Researches into the early history of Mankind. 8vo
Researches into the early history of Mankind
On the Physical Phenomena of Glaciers
Essays on the use and limit of
Address delivered before the British Association assembled at Belfast. With Additions. 8vo
Botanische Briefe. 8vo
Versuch einer Geschichte der Pflanzenwelt. 8vo
United States Entomological Commission. Second Report...1878\x9679, relating to the Rocky Mountain Locust and the Western Cricket
The Cotton Worm
See Dictionary
See Morton (S. G.)
Ueber \xf6sterreichische Mastodonten
Arbres fruitiers
See Lucae (J
Recherches g\xe9ologiques sur les Terrains tertiaires de la France occidentale
Histoire physiologique des Plantes d'Europe
Die Naturgeschichte der nutzbaren Hauss\xe4ugethiere
Verhandlungen und Mittheilungen des siebenb\xfcrgischen Vereins f\xfcr Naturw
Changes produced in the Nervous System by Civilization
Libre examen
Dictionnaire des Sciences naturelles. Planches
Cellular Pathology...Twenty Lectures. Transl. from theof the original, by
Ueber einige Merkmale niederer Menschenrassen am
Report of the Royal Commission...with Minutes of Evidence and Appendix. Fol
Beitr\xe4ge zur Morphologie und Anatomie der Rhipsalideen
Bau und die Entwicklung des Stammes der Melastomeen
Lectures on
M\xe9moire sur les Microc\xe9phales ou Hommes-Singes. 4to
Beitr\xe4ge zur Kulturgeschichte. Der Einfluss des Menschen auf die Verbreitung der Hausthiere und der Kulturpflanzen
Theism as a Science of Natural Theology and Natural Religion
Over de Bewegingen der Ranken van Sicyos
Reports on the Progress of Zoology in 1842
Reports on Zoology for 1843\x9644
The Darwinian Theory and the law of the Migration of Organisms
Elements of the comparative anatomy of the Vertebrate Animals. Ed. from the German by A
Die Forschungen \xfcber Hirn- und Sch\xe4delbildung des Menschen, &c
The Anthropological Treatises of
Introduction to Anthropology. Ed....by J
Deutschlands Farne
Monographia Chalciditum. 8vo
The Malay Archipelago
Contributions to the Theory of Natural Selection
The geographical distribution of Animals
Tropical Nature, and other Essays. 8vo
A Country Schoolmaster, James
Eminent Men of the Day. Photographed by G
Die Laubmoose Oberfrankens
through the Conservatories
A treatise on Investments. 8vo
Physical Expression; its modes and principles
Mammalia (Zoology of...H.M.S
Marsupialia or pouched animals
A Natural History of the
Essays on Natural History
The geographical distribution of British Plants
First of a Supplement
Lectures on the principles and practice of Physic
See Dictionary
Dogs; their points
British Orchids. 8vo
Voyage dans le Nord de la Bolivie
On the development of the Understanding
On the origin of Language. 8vo
A Dictionary of English Etymology
Ueber die in Meteoriten entdeckten Thierreste. 4to
Reise der \xf6sterreichischen Fregatte Novara...1857\x9659. Anthropologischer Theil, 2te
Ueber die Berechtigung der Darwin'schen Theorie
Ueber den Einfluss der Isolirung auf die Artbildung
Beitr\xe4ge zur Naturgeschichte der Daphnoiden
Beitr\xe4ge zur Naturgeschichte der Daphnoiden
Studies in the Theory of Descent
*Essays upon Heredity, &c
*The Germ-Plasm: a theory of Heredity. Transl
Two Essays: one upon single vision with two eyes; the other on Dew: &c
Werner's Nomenclature of Colours, &c. By Patrick Syme
Riding Lunatic Asylum. Medical Reports
[Containing articles on "A Theory of Population"
Address on the recent progress...of Entomology
An introduction to the modern classification of Insects
Peri\xf3dico zool\xf3gico. Organo de la sociedad zool\xf3gica Argentina. Tomo 3
What is an Index?
Address delivered...June 25, 1833...3rd. General Meeting of the Br. Assoc. for the Advancement of Science
History of the Inductive Sciences. 3 vols. 8vo
Dissertation on the Progress of Ethical Philosophy. Preface by the Rev
The Natural History of Selborne
do. New ed. with Notes by the Rev
The auriferous gravels of the Sierra Nevada of California
The Climatic Changes of later Geological Times
Oriental and Linguistic Studies. 8vo
The life and growth of Language. 8vo
Die Bastardbefruchtung im Pflanzenreich. 4to
See Ecker (A.). Die Anatomie des Frosches
Ueber die Bastarderzeugung im Pflanzenreiche. 4to
Die heliotropischen Erscheinungen im Pflanzenreiche
*Wiesner und seine Schule...Festschrift
Der Darwinismus und die Naturforschung Newtons und Cuviers
Die Rinderrassen Mittel-Europas. 8vo
Form und Leben der landwirthschaftlichen Hausthiere. 8vo
Grundz\xfcge der Naturgeschichte der Hausthiere. 8vo
Birds Protection. Report from the Select Committee...Minutes of Evidence, &c. Fol
On some of the microscopical objects found in the mud of the Levant, &c
On the recent Foraminifera of Great Britain
British Farming. 8vo
The Larv\xe6 of the British Lepidoptera and their food plants
Des Tortues fossiles conserv\xe9es dans le Mus\xe9e Teyler et dans quelques autres
A systematic arrangement of British Plants. Corr. and condensed...by W
On the Variation of Species, &c. 8vo
British Museum. Catalogue of the Coleopterous Insects of
Ueber das Paaren und Verpaaren der Menschen und der Thiere
A manual of the Moliusca
Darwinism (Repr.). 8vo
Philosophical Discussions. With a biographical sketch of the Author by Charles E
Schulflora von
Studien \xfcber die Stammesgeschichte der Ammoniten. (Darwinistische Schriften
Nouveaux \xe9l\xe9ments de Physiologie humaine. Trad. par le Dr Bouchard
*Grundz\xfcge der physiologischen Psychologie
A History of British Fishes
A History of British Birds
Year-Book (The) of facts in Science and the Arts for 1875
Cattle: their breeds, &c. (Library of Useful Knowledge.) 8vo
Sheep: their breeds, &c. (Library of Useful Knowledge.) 8vo
The Pig. Enlarged and re-written by Samuel Sidney
A course of Lectures on Natural Philosophy and the Mechanical
A manual of the historical development of
Zoological Society of London. Proceedings, 1830\x9681
On the Morphology of the Conifer\xe6. Transl
Reise der \xf6sterreichischen Fregatte Novara... 1857\x9659. Anthropologischer Theil, Ite Abth., Cranien der Novara-Sammlung. 4to
