Narrative of a journey in the interior of China, and of a voyage to and from that country in the years 1816 and 1817, containing an account of the most interesting transactions of Lord Amherst's embassy to the Court of Pekin, and observations on the countries which it visited
Bible (King James version)
Das Neue Testament unsers Herrn und Heilandes Jesu Christi: abgedruckt nach der Hallischen Ausgabe 1805. London: gedruckt auf Kosten der Grossbritannischen und Ausl\xe4ndischen Bibel-Gesellschaft. PDF\r\n
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1834. Published by order of The Lords Commisioners of the Admiralty
Dictionnaire des sciences naturelles. Par plusieurs Professeurs du Jardin du Roi
A voyage round the world, in the years
A new general atlas, constructed from the latest authorities
Narrative of a voyage to the Pacific and Beering's Strait to co-operate with the polar expeditions: performed in His Majesty's ship Blossom, under the command of Captain F
Marie Ducrotay de. 1827. Manuel de Malacologie et Conchyliologie. Planches. In: Dictionnaire des sciences naturelles
Marie Ducrotay de. 1834. Manuel d'actiniologie ou de zoophytologie
ed. 1832. The Greek Testament with English notes, critical, philological, and exegetical. 2 vols
Manuel d'entomologie. 2 vols. Paris: Roret
classique d'histoire naturelle. 17 vols
[Formations secondaires autour du monde.]
Antoine de. 1772. A voyage round the world performed by order of His Most Christian Majesty in the years 1766, 1767, 1768
British Association for the Advancement of Science. 1833. Lithographed signatures of the members of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, who met at Cambridge, June M.DCCC.XXXIII, with a report of the proceedings at the public meetings during the week: and an alphabetical list of the members
British Association for the Advancement of Science. 1833. Report of the first and second meetings
Travels through Norway and Lapland during the years 1806, 1807 and 1808. Translated by John Black. With notes by R. Jameson
Considerations of the evidences of a recent deluge
A voyage to the South-Seas, in the years 1740-1, containing a faithful narrative of the loss of his Majesty's ship the Wager
Travels in the interior of Southern Africa. 2 vols
Chronological history of the voyages and discoveries in the South Sea or Pacific Ocean. 5 vols
Voyage of H.M.S. Blonde to the Sandwich Islands, in the years 1824-1825
Travels in South America, during the years 1819
Geology of the Island of Juan Fern\xe1ndez
On the relative age of the veins of Cornwall
An elementary treatise on mineralogy and geology: being an introduction to the study of these sciences, and designed for the use of pupils, \x97 for persons attending lectures on these subjects, \x97 and as a companion for travellers
A voyage to the South Atlantic and round Cape Horn into the Pacific Ocean, for the purpose of extending the spermaceti whale fisheries, and other objects of commerce, by ascertaining the ports, bays, harbours, and anchoring births, in certain islands and coasts in those seas at which the ships of the British merchants might be refitted
Outlines of the geology of England and Wales, with an introductory compendium of the general principles of that science, and comparative views of the structure of foreign countries
A voyage to the Pacific Ocean undertaken, by the command of His Majesty, for making discoveries in the northern hemisphere. 3 vols
The animal kingdom arranged in conformity with its organization. With additional descriptions
Observations on some interesting phenomena in animal physiology, exhibited by several species of Planariae
A new voyage round the world
Meteorological essays and observations
A description of active and extinct volcanos
Consolations in travel, or the last days of a philosopher
Elements of the philosophy of plants: containing the principles of scientific botany, nomenclature, theory of classification, phytography; anatomy, chemistry, physiology, geography, and diseases of plants: with a history of the science and practical illustrations
A selection of the geological memoirs contained in the Annales des Mines, together with a synoptical table of equivalent formations and M. Brongniart's table of the classification of mixed rocks
A geological manual
Researches in theoretical geology
Dictionnaire des Sciences Naturelles
Desquiron de Saint-Agnan ed. 1821. Historia del proceso de la reine de Inglaterra escrita en franc\xe9s con presencia de documentos fidedignos recogidos en Londres por A.T. Desquiron de St. Agnan y traducida al castellano por el ciudadano don Juan Valle y Cod\xe9s
Narrative and successful result of a voyage in the South Seas: performed by order of the government of British India, to ascertain the actual fate of La Peyrouse's expedition. 2 vols
Analogies of organized beings
A narrative of a nine months' residence in New Zealand in 1827, together with a journal of a residence in Tristan d'Acunha
Polynesian researches, during a residence of nearly six years on the South Sea Islands, including descriptions of the natural history and scenery of the islands\x97with remarks on the history, mythology, traditions, government, arts, manners, and customs of the inhabitants. 2 vols
Beitr\xe4ge zur Gebirgskunde Brasiliens
The elements of Euclid, viz. the first six books, together with the eleventh and twelfth. The errors by which Theon, or others, have long ago vitiated these books, are coorected, and some of Euclid demonstrations are restored. Also the book of Euclid's data, in like manner corrected by Robert Simson. Glasgow: Andrew Foulis. Text [edition on the Beagle not known]
A description of Patagonia, and the adjoining parts of South America
Arte de la lengua general del reyno de Chile, con un dialogo chileno-hispano muy curioso
Notes on the progress of geology in England
The philosophy of zoology; or, A general view of the structure, functions, and classification of animals. 2 vols
A voyage to Terra Australis undertaken for the purpose of completing the discovery of that vast country, and prosecuted in the years 1801, 1802, and 1805 in His Majesty's ship the Investigator. 2 vols
Observations made during a voyage round the world on physical geography, natural history, and ethnic philosophy
On the electro-magnetic properties of metalliferous veins in the mines of Cornwall
A voyage to the South-Sea and along the coasts of Chili and Peru in the years 1712, 1713, and 1714
Ensayo de la historia civil del Paraguay, Buenos-Ayres y Tucuman. 3 vols. Buenos Ayres: M
Tagebuch gef\xfchrt auf einer Reise nach F\xe4r\xf6 im Jahre 1828
A critical examination of the first principles of geology, in a series of essays
Anniversary address (1834)
Mapa fisico y politico del alto y bajo Peru: nota, esta mapa esta corejido con presencia de las observaciones e itinerarios de los oficiales facultatives que han accompa\xf1ado a los ejercitos en sus diferentes operaciones, cujos trabajos se reunieron a la cosecuencia de los ultimos acontecimientos por orden del gobierno
Extracts from a journal, written on the coasts of Chili, Peru, and Mexico, in the years 1820
A new general atlas, with the divisions and boundaries carefully coloured; Constructed entirely from new drawings, and engraved by Sidney Hall
An alphabetical
An account of the voyages undertaken for making discoveries in the Southern Hemisphere, performed by Commodore Byron, Captain Wallis, Captain Carteret, and Captain Cook in the Dolphin, the Swallow and the Endeavour drawn from the journals which were kept by the several commanders and from the papers of Joseph Banks. 3 vols
Rough notes taken during some rapid journeys across the Pampas and among the Andes
Travels from Buenos Ayres, by Potosi, to Lima
Geological description of Anglesea
A preliminary discourse on the study of natural philosophy
1828. \xdcber die Eigenschaften welche sich bei Menschen und Thieren von den Eltern auf die Nachkommen vererben, mit besonderer R\xfccksicht auf die Pferdezucht
India directory, or directions for sailing to and from the East Indies
Personal narrative of travels to the equinoctial regions of the New Continent, during the years 1799-1804. By Alexander de Humboldt, and Aim\xe9 Bonpland; with maps, plans, &c. written in French by Alexander de Humboldt, and trans. Into English by Helen
Essai g\xe9ognostique sur le gisement des roches dans les deux h\xe9misph\xe8res
Fragmens de g\xe9ologie et de climatologie asiatiques. 2 vols
Political essay on the kingdom of New Spain. 2 vols. John Black, trans
A treatise on the external, chemical and physical characters of minerals
A companion to the mountain barometer, consisting of tables, whereby the operation of computing heights with that instrument is rendered extremely simple and easy, whilst its accuracy is inferior to no other mode; together with a description and use of the englefield mountain barometer
synonymique et polyglotte des termes usit\xe9s dans les sciences naturelles. 2 vols
Mechanics
Narrative of a survey of the intertropical and western coasts of Australia. Performed between the years 1818 and 1822. 2 vols
Manuscript journal of voyages of Adventure and Beagle, later published as
Description of the Cirrhipedia, Conchifera and Mollusca in a collection formed 1826-30
Some observations upon the geography of the southern extremity of South America, Tierra del Fuego, and the Strait of Magalhaens; made during the late survey of those coasts in his Majesty's ships Adventure and Beagle, between the years 1826 and 1830
An introduction to entomology. 4 vols
1821. A voyage of discovery, into the South Sea and Beering's Straits, for the purpose of exploring a north-east passage, undertaken in the years 1815-1818, at the expense of his highness the chancellor of the empire, Count Romanzoff, in the ship Rurick, under the command of the lieutenant in the Russian imperial navy
Houton de. 1797. Relation du voyage \xe0 la recherche de la Perouse. Paris: Imprimerie de la Republique
Baptiste Pierre Antoine de Monet de. 1816-7. Histoire naturelle des animaux sans vert\xe8bres
Fran\xe7ois de Galaup de. 1798-9. A voyage round the world performed in the years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788. 3 vols., atlas
Voyage autour du monde, execut\xe9 par ordre du Roi, sur la corvette de
Manuel de mammalogie, ou histoire naturelle des mammif\xe8res
Systema vegetabilium secundum classes ordines genera species cum characteribus et differentiis
Some observatons on the structure and functions of tubular and cellular Polypi, and of Ascidi\xe6
Notes on Rio de Janeiro, and the southern parts of Brazil: taken during a residence of ten years in that country, from 1808 to 1818
Principles of geology, being an attempt to explain the former changes of the earth's surface, by reference to causes now in operation. 3 vols
On peat
The history of England. London: Lardner (Lardner's Cabinet Cyclopaedia)
An account of the natives of the Tonga Islands in the South Pacific Ocean. 2 vols. London: printed for the author
Illustrations of political economy. 3 vols
Tables requisite to be used with the Nautical ephemeris for finding the latitude and longitude at sea
Travels in the interior of Brazil, particularly in the gold and diamond districts of that country
Prince of Wied-Neuwied. 1820. Travels in Brazil in the years 1815, 1816, and 1817
Beitr\xe4ge zur Zoologie, gesammelt auf einer Reise um die Erde. [7 parts published in the Nova Acta Physico-Medica Academiae Caesareae Leopoldino-Carolinae Naturae Curiosum, vols
Conjectures concerning the cause, and observations upon the phaenomena of earthquakes, particularly of that great earthquake of the First of November, 1755, which proved so fatal to the City of Lisbon, and whose effects were felt as far as Africa, and more or less
Travels in Chile and La Plata, including accounts respecting the geography, geology, statistics, government, finances, agriculture, manners and customs, and the mining operations in Chile. Collected during a residence of several years in these countries. 2 vols
Paradise lost: a poem written in ten books
Compendio de la historia geografica natural y civil del Reyno de Chile. Traducida en Espanol for Don Domingo Joseph. 2 vols. Madrid: Antonio de Sancha
Experimental researches on the light and luminous matter of the glow-worm, the luminosity of the sea, the phenomena of the chameleon, the ascent of the spider into the atmosphere, and the torpidity of the tortoise, &c
An English grammar
An account of several late voyages & discoveries to the South and North
An account, historical, political, and statistical, of the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata: with an appendix concerning the usurpation of Monte Video by the Portuguese and Brazilian governments
Narrative of voyages to explore the shores of Africa, Arabia, and Madagascar; performed in H.M. Ships Leven and Barracouta. 2 vols
History of quadrupeds
The voyage of Governor Phillip to Botany Bay: with an account of the establishment of the colonies of Port Jackson & Norfolk Island, compiled from authentic papers which have been obtained from the several departments to which are added, the journals of Lieuts
An elementary introduction to mineralogy, comprising a notice of the characters and minerals, with accounts of the place and circumstances in which they are found
Illustrations of the Huttonian theory of the earth
Account of the structure of the table mountain, and other parts of the Peninsula of the Cape. Drawn up by Professor Playfair, from observations made by Captain Basil Hall
Narrative of a journey across the Cordillera of the Andes
The Bahama Islands
Manuel de l'histoire naturelle des mollusques et de leurs coquilles, ayant pour base de classification celle de M. le Baron Cuvier
Naturgeschichte der S\xe4ugethiere von Paraguay
The history of Sir
3 vols
Rivero y Ustariz, Mariano Eduardo de. 1828. Memoria sobre el rico mineral de Pasco. Memoriales des ciencias naturales 1828
Pomologie physiologique
Viage al estrecho de Magallanes en los anos de 1579 y 1580 y noticia de la expedicion que despues hizo para poblarle
An account of the Arctic regions, with a history and description of the northern whale-fishery. 2 vols
Considerations on volcanos: the probable causes of their phenomena, the laws which determine their march, the disposition of their products, and their connexion with the present state and past history of the globe. Leading to the establishment of a new theory of the earth
The geognosy of the Island of St. Helena, illustrated in a series of views, plans and sections; accompanied with explanatory remarks and observations
Neuman and Baretti's dictionary of the Spanish and English Languages
The works in verse and prose, of William Shenstone, Esq: most of which were never before printed. 2 vols
A grammar of botany, illustrative of artificial, as well as natural, classification, with an explanation of Jussieu's system
Society of Gentlemen in Scotland. 1823. Encyclopaedia Britannica, or, a dictionary of arts, sciences, and miscellaneous literature. Enlarged and improved
On the connexion of the physical sciences
History of Brazil. 3 vols
Baptist von and Martius, Carl Friedrich Philipp von. 1824. Travels in Brazil, in the years 1817-1820. 2 vols. [in one]
Description of Chiasognathus Grantii a new lucanideous insect forming the type of an undescribed genus, together with some brief remarks upon its structure and affinities
A historical and descriptive narrative of twenty years' residence in South America: containing the travels in Arauco, Chile, Peru, and Colombia; with an account of the revolution, its rise, progress, and results. 3 vols
The naturalist's guide for collecting
Werner's nomenclature of colours with additions, arranged so as to render it highly useful to the arts and sciences particularly zoology, botany, chemistry, mineralogy, and morbid anatomy. Annexed to which are examples selected from well-known objects in the animal, vegetable, and mineral kingdoms
Zoological researches and illustrations: or, natural history of nondescript or imperfectly known animals, in a series of memoirs
Travels in Europe, Africa and Asia, performed between the years 1770 and 1779. 4 vols
A voyage round the world in the years 1800, 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804, in which the author visited the principal islands in the Pacific Ocean, and the English settlements of Port Jackson and Norfolk Island. 3 vols
The sacred history of the world, as displayed in the Creation and subsequent events to the Deluge, attempted to be philosophically considered in a series of letters to a son
A voyage to South America: describing at large the Spanish cities, towns, provinces, &c. on that extensive continent
A voyage of discovery to the North Pacific Ocean and round the world. 3 vols
y Ponce, Josef de. 1788. Relacion del ultimo viage al Estrecho de magellanes de la Fragata de S.M. Santa Maria de la Cabeza en los anos de 1785 y 1786
Voyage en Syrie et en \xc9gypte, pendant les ann\xe9es 1783, 1784 et 1785
A new voyage and description of the isthmus of America
An account of a voyage round the world in the years 1766, 1767, and 1768
The habits of the carrion crow
Narrative of a voyage to the southern Atlantic Ocean, in the years 1828, 29, 30, performed in H.M. Sloop Chanticleer. 2 vols
A voyage towards the South Pole performed in the years 1822-24. Containing an examination of the Antarctic Sea, to the seventy-fourth degree of latitude: and a visit to Tierra del Fuego, with a particular account of the inhabitants
A view of the Scripture revelations concerning a future state
Essay towards a first approximation to a map of cotidal lines
The elements of algebra: designed for the use of students in the University
